making a new top level section to work with DataFrames (#2717)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/basics.md

# First Steps with DataFrames

> The first and imporatant part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install the `DataFrames.jl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first and imporatant part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install the `DataFrames`
```

package which is available thorugh the Julia package system and can be installed using the
following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

> Or,

Reviewer: maybe mention in the comment that `]` should be pressed and this is an interactive mode?

```julia
julia> ]

julia> add DataFrames
```

To make sure everything works as expected, try to load the package and if you have the time execute

> its test suits:

Reviewer: maybe comment how long it takes usually

```julia
julia> using DataFrames
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.test("DataFrames")

> ```

Reviewer: additionally the user **must** check the version installed with `st` command and ensure it is `1` release.

> Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed the DataFrames package and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed DataFrames.jl and
```

> have already typed `using DataFrames` to bring all of the relevant variables into your current namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have already typed `using DataFrames`.
```

Let's get started by loading the DataFrames package:

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jldoctest
```

julia> using DataFrames
```

> The object of the `DataFrame` type represent a data table as a series of vectors, each correspondng to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object of the `DataFrame` type represents a data table as a series of vectors, each correspondng to a
```

> The object of the `DataFrame` type represent a data table as a series of vectors, each correspondng to a

Reviewer: this sentence might be misleading. it is rather better to say something that each row is an observation and each column is a feature or something similar. The reason is that `DataFrame` IS NOT a collection of its columns.

column or variable.

# Constructors and basic utility functions

## Constructors

> In this section you will see many ways to create a DataFrame using `DataFrame()` constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the `DataFrame(...)` constructor.
```

> First, we could create an empty DataFrame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we could create an empty `DataFrame`:
```

Reviewer: also why "could" here?

```jldoctest

> julia> using DataFrames
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

julia> df = DataFrame()
0×0 DataFrame
```

> Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the DataFrame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```

```jldoctest
julia> using DataFrames

julia> df = DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```

> note in column `:fixed` that scalars get automatically broadcasted.

Reviewer: maybe better call it `:const`?

Author: Yeah.

> Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into into a DataFrame. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into into a `DataFrame`. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`
```

> the functions in Julia are separated into two modules - `CSV.jl` and `DataFrames.jl`. As the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the functions in Julia are separated into two packages - `CSV.jl` and `DataFrames.jl`. As the first
```

step, you have to declare the libraries you will use. In our case `CSV` and `DataFrames`. In order to
turn the `CSV.File` to a DataFrame you have to pass it to the `DataFrames.DataFrame` object. You can

> wrap DataFrame around the `CSV.read(path; kwargs)`.

Reviewer: you are not using `CSV.File` below - why do you mention it?

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames

> julia> using CSV

Reviewer: probably the user should be instructed how to install it and what version is expected

Author: It has been mentioned in the starting.

Reviewer: this is a tutorial so better make it step-by-step

> julia> german = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

Reviewer: this is an introduction tutorial so better explain this line

    2 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> You can see that Julia representation (unlike python pandas) displays the data type of the column,

Reviewer: please be consistent how you reference to Python Pandas

Author: How can be improved?

Reviewer: You are inconsistent. Sometimes you write "Python's Pandas" and sometimes "python pandas"|. Check what is the proper name and use it consistently pls.

> whether it is a `string`, `int` or `float`.

Reviewer: there are no such types as you list. Either provide a concrete type or unquote and just refer to general concepts like integer, floating point etc.

> To access the columns directly (i.e. without copying) you can use `german.col`, `german."col"`,

Reviewer: I think there is no `:col` column in this data set - right? Better fix it.

Author: here `col` was referring to `col` name. I guess to tell the meaning of `col` would be better?

Reviewer: If you write `german.col` it means that `:col` column is present in the data frame. Just use an existing column name as an example.

> `german[!, :col]` or `german[!, "col"]`. The two latter syntaxes are more flexible as they allow

Reviewer: maybe give an example.

us passing a variable holding the name of the column, and not only a literal name. Columns name

> can be either symbols (written as `:col`, `:var"col"` or `Symbol("col")`) or strings (written as `"col"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be passed either as a `Symbol` (written as `:col`, `:var"col"` or `Symbol("col")`) or as a string (written as `"col"`).
```

> Variable interpolation into the string using `$` does not work if you have forms like `german."col"`

Reviewer: do you really think people will understand this sentence if they are beginners?

and `:var"col"`. You can also access the column using an integer index specifying their position.

Since `german[!, :col]` does not make a copy, changing the elements of the column vector returned by this

> sysntax will affect the values stored in the original `german`. To get a **copy** of the column you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sysntax will affect the values stored in the original `german` data frame. To get a **copy** of the column you can use
```

`german[:, :col]`: changing the vector returned by this syntax does not change `german`.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Sex
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german.Sex === german[!, :Sex]
true

> julia> german.Housing === german[:, 5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> german.Sex === german[:, :Sex]
```

false
```

You can obtain the column names as strings using the `names` function:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german)
10-element Vector{String}:
 "id"
 "Age"
 "Sex"
 "Job"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Credit amount"
 "Duration"
 "Purpose"
```

>  you can also get column names with a given `eltype`:

Reviewer: maybe be more verbose, writing `eltype` is a shorthand we use because we communicete to people who know what it means.

Author: I am not getting this. Sorry. What exactly we want to change?

Reviewer: if it is clear for you what `eltype` means then we can leave it.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german, String)
5-element Vector{String}:
 "Sex"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Purpose"
```

To get column names as `Symbol`s use the `propertynames` function:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> propertynames(german)
10-element Vector{Symbol}:
 :id
 :Age
 :Sex
 :Job
 :Housing
 Symbol("Saving accounts")
 Symbol("Checking account")
 Symbol("Credit amount")
 :Duration
 :Purpose
```

> To get the element types of columns use `eltype` on `eachcol(german)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the element types of columns broadcast the `eltype` function over `eachcol(german)`
```

> To get the element types of columns use `eltype` on `eachcol(german)`

Reviewer: do you think users will understand this recipe without an additional comment?

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> eltype.(eachcol(german))
10-element Vector{DataType}:
 Int64
 Int64
 String
 Int64
 String
 String
 String
 Int64
 Int64
 String
```

!!! note

  DataFrames.jl allows to use `Symbol`s (like `:id`) and strings (like `"id"`)
  for all column indexing operations for convenience. However, using `Symbol`s
  is slightly faster and should generally be preferred, if not generating them
  via string manipulation.

> To remove all rows and columns from a DataFrame you can use `empty` and `empty!` functions to remove all rows from a DataFrame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove all rows and columns from a DataFrame you can use `empty` and `empty!` functions to remove all rows from a `DataFrame`:
```

    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> empty!(german)
0×10 DataFrame

julia> german

> 0×10 DataFrame

Reviewer: maybe add a comment on the difference between `empty` and `empty!`?

```

> ## Getting basic information about a DataFrame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting basic information about a data frame
```

> In this section we will learn about how to get basic information on our `German` DataFrame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we will learn about how to get basic information on our `german` `DataFrame`:
```

> The standard `size` function works to get dimensions of the DataFrame,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard `size` function works to get dimensions of the data frame,
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

Reviewer: why do you read this in again?

                                 "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),
                       DataFrame) ;
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> size(german), size(german, 1), size(german, 2)

Reviewer: do not compress pls. - this is an introductory tutorial

((1000, 10), 1000, 10)
```

> To get the number of Rows or Columns in an AbstractDataFrame `german`, you can use `nrow()` and `ncol()`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally the `nrow` and `ncol` functions can be used to get the number of rows and columns in a data frame:
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> nrow(german), ncol(german)

Reviewer: again - do not compress

Author: I have not understood the meaning of `do not compress` and how can it be avoided?

Reviewer: If you write `nrow(german), ncol(german)` a novice user is likely to not understand that you are constructing a tuple (is this something that is immediately obvious for you?).
It is better to write in two lines first show what `nrow(german)` produces and then what `ncol(german)` produces.

Author: Ok, thank you.

(1000, 10)
```

> To get basic statistics of data in your DataFrame use `describe` (check out the help of describe for information on how to customize shown statistics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get basic statistics of data in your data frame use the `describe` function (check out the help of `describe` for information on how to customize shown statistics).
```
add a cross link

   5 │ Housing                    free              rent                    0  ⋯
   6 │ Saving accounts            NA                rich                    0
   7 │ Checking account           NA                rich                    0
   8 │ Credit amount     3271.26  250       2319.5  18424                   0
   9 │ Duration          20.903   4         18.0    72                      0  ⋯
  10 │ Purpose                    business          vacation/others         0
                                                                1 column omitted
```

To limit the columns shown by `desribe` use `cols` keyword argument:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> describe(german, cols=1:3)
3×7 DataFrame
 Row │ variable  mean    min     median  max   nmissing  eltype
     │ Symbol    Union…  Any     Union…  Any   Int64     DataType
─────┼────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │ id        499.5   0       499.5   999          0  Int64
   2 │ Age       35.546  19      33.0    75           0  Int64
   3 │ Sex               female          male         0  String
```

You can adjust printing options by calling the `show` function manually: `show(german, allrows=true)`

> prints all rows even if they do not fit on screen and `show(german, allcols=true)` does the same for

Reviewer: add an example with `allcols=true` and comment on a list of statistics computed by default

Author: Please help with `comment on a list of statistics computed by default`. 😞

Reviewer: The default statistics reported are mean, min, median, max, number of missing values, and element type of the column. If columns contain `missing` values they are skipped when computing the summary statistics.

columns.

You can also compute descriptive statistics directly on indovidual columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using Statistics

julia> mean(german.Age)

> 35.546

Reviewer: or on all columns using the `mapcols` function - give an example

```

> If you want to look at `first` and `last` rows of a dataframe (respectively) then you can do this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to look at first and last rows of a data frame (respectively) then you can do this
```

   2 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
   4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
   5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little           ⋯
   6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german, 5)
5×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA               ⋯
   2 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
   3 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA
   4 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
   5 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate         ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

> Using `first` and `last` without number of rows will return a first/last DataFrameRow in the DataFrame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `first` and `last` without number of rows will return a first/last `DataFrameRow` in the data frame:
```
also comment on what `DataFrameRow` is and how it is related to data frame.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> first(german)
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german)
DataFrameRow
  Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking accoun ⋯
      │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String          ⋯
──────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate        ⋯
                                                               4 columns omitted
```

> ## Taking a Subset

Reviewer: of what?

### Indexing Syntax

> Specific subsets of a dataframe can be extracted using the indexing syntax, similar to matrices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific subsets of a data frame can be extracted using the indexing syntax, similar to matrices.
```

In the [Indexing](https://dataframes.juliadata.org/stable/lib/indexing/#Indexing) section of the

> manual you can find all details about the available options. Here we highlight the basic options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manual you can find all details about the available options. Here we highlight the basic ones.
```

     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
   3 │    14     28  female      2  rent     little           little
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex
      │ Int64  String
──────┼───────────────
    1 │    67  male
    2 │    22  female
    3 │    49  male
    4 │    45  male
    5 │    53  male
    6 │    35  male
    7 │    53  male
    8 │    35  male
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30  male
  995 │    50  male
  996 │    31  female
  997 │    40  male
  998 │    38  male
  999 │    23  male
 1000 │    27  male
      985 rows omitted

julia> german[1:5, [:Sex, :Age]]
5×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Sex     Age
     │ String  Int64
─────┼───────────────
   1 │ male       67
   2 │ female     22
   3 │ male       49
   4 │ male       45
   5 │ male       53
```

> Pay attention that `german[!, [:Sex]]` and `german[:, [:Sex]]` return a `DataFrame` object,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pay attention that `german[!, [:Sex]]` and `german[:, [:Sex]]` return a data frame object,
```

while `german[!, :Sex]` and `german[:, :Sex]` return a vector:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, [:Sex]]
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]
true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

> In the first case, `[:Sex]` is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a `DataFrame`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first case, `[:Sex]` is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a data frame.
```

On the other hand, `:Sex` is a single symbol, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted.
Note that in the first case a vector is required to be passed (not just any iterable),
so e.g. `german[:, (:Age, :Sex)]` is not allowed, but `german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]` is valid.

> ### Most elementary `get` and `set` operations

Reviewer: what do you mean by `get` and `set`?

> Given the DataFrame `german` earlier we have created, here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the data frame `german` earlier we have created, here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:
```

    2 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> german.Age, german[!, 2], german[!, :Age] # all get the vector stored in out DataFrame without copying it

Reviewer: do not compress + why do you repeat what you already explained (maybe it is OK, but just please explain to me)

Author: In the previous example I had explained using `col` variable (ie, `:Age`). here I have used indexes

Reviewer: OK, but do not compress + explain the difference

([67, 22, 49, 45, 53, 35, 53, 35, 61, 28  …  37, 34, 23, 30, 50, 31, 40, 38, 23, 27], [67, 22, 49, 45, 53, 35, 53, 35, 61, 28  …  37, 34, 23, 30, 50, 31, 40, 38, 23, 27], [67, 22, 49, 45, 53, 35, 53, 35, 61, 28  …  37, 34, 23, 30, 50, 31, 40, 38, 23, 27])

julia> german."Sex", german[!, "Sex"] # the same using string indexing
(["male", "female", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male"  …  "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "female", "male", "male", "male", "male"], ["male", "female", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "male"  …  "male", "male", "male", "male", "male", "female", "male", "male", "male", "male"])

julia> german[:, 3] # note that this creates a copy
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

> To grab one row as DataFrame, we can index as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grab one row as `DataFrame`, we can index as follows:
```

─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate         ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[3, :] # this produces a DataFrameRow which is treated as 1-dimensional object similar to a NamedTuple
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA               ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

we can grab a single cell or element with the same syntax to grab an element of an array:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4, 4]
2
```

or to get a new DataFrame that is subset of rows and columns:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4:5, 4:5]
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String
─────┼────────────────
   1 │     2  free
   2 │     2  free

> ```

Reviewer: a section ended and there was no `set` operation discussed

## Not, Between, Cols, and All selectors

Finally, you can use `Not`, `Between`, `Cols`, and `All` selectors in more complex column selection

> scenarioes (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while `All()` selects all columns therefore `Cols`

Reviewer: maybe first explain in general these operations and then comment on the difference?

Author: yeah.

> scenarioes (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while `All()` selects all columns therefore `Cols`
> is a preferred selector if you write generic code). The following examples move all columns whose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scenarioes (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while `All()` selects all columns). The following examples move all columns whose
```

> names match `r"x"` regular expression respectively to the front and the end of a dataframe. Now we will

Reviewer: do not use regexp examples before you introduced the user to the fact that it can be used.

> see how `cols` and `Between` can be used to select columns of a DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see how `Cols` and `Between` can be used to select columns of a data frame.
```

A `Not` selector (from the [InvertedIndices](https://github.com/mbauman/InvertedIndices.jl) package) can be
used to select all columns excluding a specific subset:

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german[!, Not(:Age)]

Reviewer: maybe comment that `:Age` was after `:id`. Also better not use `!` - it should not be used in such cases

      │ String  Int64  String
──────┼────────────────────────
    1 │ male        2  own
    2 │ female      2  own
    3 │ male        1  own
    4 │ male        2  free
    5 │ male        2  free
    6 │ male        1  free
    7 │ male        2  own
    8 │ male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3  own
  995 │ male        2  own
  996 │ female      1  own
  997 │ male        3  own
  998 │ male        2  own
  999 │ male        2  free
 1000 │ male        2  own
               985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Between("Sex", "Job"))]
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex     Job
      │ Int64  String  Int64
──────┼──────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2
    2 │    22  female      2
    3 │    49  male        1
    4 │    45  male        2
    5 │    53  male        2
    6 │    35  male        1
    7 │    53  male        2
    8 │    35  male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3
  995 │    50  male        2
  996 │    31  female      1
  997 │    40  male        3
  998 │    38  male        2
  999 │    23  male        2
 1000 │    27  male        2
             985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))]

Reviewer: explain what happens here and why this example is relevant

    1 │    67      0      2  own      NA               little                  ⋯
    2 │    22      1      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │    49      2      1  own      little           NA
    4 │    45      3      2  free     little           little
    5 │    53      4      2  free     little           little                  ⋯
    6 │    35      5      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │    53      6      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │    35      7      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │    30    993      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │    50    994      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │    31    995      1  own      little           NA
  997 │    40    996      3  own      little           little
  998 │    38    997      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │    23    998      2  free     little           little
 1000 │    27    999      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> You can also use `Regex` to select columns and `Not` from `InvertedIndices.jl` both to select rows and columns:

Reviewer: add a link to InvertedIndices.jl and unescape it.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[Not(5), r"Sex"]
999×1 DataFrame
 Row │ Sex
     │ String
─────┼────────
   1 │ male
   2 │ female
   3 │ male
   4 │ male
   5 │ male
   6 │ male
   7 │ male
   8 │ male
  ⋮  │   ⋮
 993 │ male
 994 │ male
 995 │ female
 996 │ male
 997 │ male
 998 │ male
 999 │ male
984 rows omitted
```

> `german[!, Not(Age)]` ! indicates that underlying columns are not copied:

Reviewer: malformed sentence

Author: I did not get this, sorry.

Reviewer: 1. first run `german[!, Not(Age)]` in your notebook and you will see the problem (in general - do not write anything you have not run)
2. the sentence is not properly formed grammatically. Maybe write something like:

> in the expression `german[!, Not(:Age)]` the `!` character indicates ...

Author: Oh yes there has been a typo error. The correct expression is `german[!, Not(:Age)]`. Thanks

    1 │     0     67      2  own      NA               little                  ⋯
    2 │     1     22      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49      1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45      2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53      2  free     little           little                  ⋯
    6 │     5     35      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │   993     30      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │   994     50      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40      3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │   998     23      2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> In the given code of block `:` means that the columns will get copied:

Reviewer: why do you repeat the same thing for a third time (maybe it is OK, but please justify)

Author: I had discussed difference between `:` and `!`

    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> Assignment of a scalar to a DataFrame can be done in ranges using broadcasting:

Reviewer: why do you start describing `set` operations with one of the most complex cases to fully understand?
Also maybe add a separate section as now the reader is taken by surprise.

```suggestion
Assignment of a scalar to a dataframe can be done in ranges using broadcasting:
```

   3 │   603     28  female      3  own      little           NA
   4 │   604     23  female      2  own      little           rich
   5 │   605     22  male        2  own      quite rich       little           ⋯
   6 │   606     74  male        3  own      little           NA
   7 │   607     50  female      2  free     moderate         moderate
   8 │   608     33  male        2  own      little           NA
  ⋮  │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮         ⋱
 393 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little           ⋯
 394 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
 395 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
 396 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
 397 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA               ⋯
 398 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 399 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 384 rows omitted
```

If you need to match a specific subset of values, then `in()` can be applied:
```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german[in.(german.id, Ref([1, 6, 908, 955])), :]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> german[in.(german.id, Ref(Set([1, 6, 908, 955]))), :]
```

5×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1      1  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     1      1  female      2  own      little           moderate
   3 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
   4 │   908     46  female      1  own      little           NA
   5 │   955     57  female      3  rent     rich             little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

Equivalently, the `in` function can be called with a single argument to create a function object that

> tests whether each value belongs to the subset (partial application of `in`):

Reviewer: also give an example of the same using `findall`.

> `german[in([1, 6, 908, 955]).(german.id), :]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`german[in(Set([1, 6, 908, 955])).(german.id), :]`
```

## Views

> You can simply create a `view` of a DataFrame (it is more efficient than creating a materialized selection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply create a `view` of a data frame (it is more efficient than creating a materialized selection).
```

Here are the possible return value options.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> @view german[1:5, 1]

Reviewer: maybe start with more standard examples. You are showing corner cases first now.

Author: Standard examples like?

Reviewer: this is not a view of a data frame, but a view of its column. A more standard thing to show first would be a `SubDataFrame`

5-element view(::Vector{Int64}, 1:5) with eltype Int64:
 1
 1
 2
 3
 4

julia> @view german[2, 2]
0-dimensional view(::Vector{Int64}, 2) with eltype Int64:
1

julia> @view german[3, 2:5] # a DataFrameRow, the same as for german[3, 2:5] without a view
DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   3 │    49  male        1  own

julia> @view german[2:5, 2:5] # a SubDataFrame
4×4 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   1 │     1  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free
```

## Using `select`, and `select!`, `transform`, and `transform!`, `sort!`

> You can also use the `select` and `select!` functions to select, rename, and transform columns in a DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `select` and `select!` functions to select, rename, and transform columns in a data frame.
```

> The `select` function creates a new DataFrame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `select` function creates a new data frame:
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

Reviewer: why repeating it?

                                 "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),
                       DataFrame);

> julia> select(german, Not(:Age)) # drop column :x1 in a new data frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> select(german, Not(:Age)) # drop column :Age in a new data frame
```

    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, r"Sex") # select columns containing 'x' character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> select(german, r"Sex") # select columns containing 'Sex' string
```
(but maybe better give an example that selects more than one column)

1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> select(german, :Sex => :x1, :Age => :x2) # rename columns
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ x1      x2
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male       67
    2 │ female     22
    3 │ male       49
    4 │ male       45
    5 │ male       53
    6 │ male       35
    7 │ male       53
    8 │ male       35
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male       30
  995 │ male       50
  996 │ female     31
  997 │ male       40
  998 │ male       38
  999 │ male       23
 1000 │ male       27
      985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, :Age, :Age => ByRow(sqrt)) # transform columns by row

Reviewer: maybe give some simpler examples first.

Author: Please suggest, I was not getting a simpler example.

Reviewer: a transformation that is not by-row but takes whole column

1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Age_sqrt
      │ Int64  Float64
──────┼─────────────────
    1 │    67   8.18535
    2 │    22   4.69042
    3 │    49   7.0
    4 │    45   6.7082
    5 │    53   7.28011
    6 │    35   5.91608
    7 │    53   7.28011
    8 │    35   5.91608
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30   5.47723
  995 │    50   7.07107
  996 │    31   5.56776
  997 │    40   6.32456
  998 │    38   6.16441
  999 │    23   4.79583
 1000 │    27   5.19615
        985 rows omitted
```

> It is always important to note that `select` always returns a DataFrame, even if a single column selected (as opposed to indexing syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that `select` always returns a data frame, even if a single column selected (as opposed to indexing syntax).
```

Reviewer: why have you resolved it?

Author: I have made changes in my local environment and when I will push changes then it will be upgraded.

  995 │    50
  996 │    31
  997 │    40
  998 │    38
  999 │    23
 1000 │    27
985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, :Age]
1000-element Vector{Int64}:
 67
 22
 49
 45
 53
 35
 53
 35
 61
 28
  ⋮
 34
 23
 30
 50
 31
 40
 38
 23
 27
```

By default `select` copies columns of a passed source DataFrame. In order to avoid copying, pass `copycols=false`:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df = select(german, :Sex)
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> df.Sex === german.Sex
false

julia> df = select(german, :Sex, copycols=false)
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> df.Sex === german.Sex
true
```

To perform the selection operation in-place use `select!`:

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

Reviewer: better make a `copy` of `german` and work on the copy.

──────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate

>                                                   3 columns and 985 rows omitted

Reviewer: where do we see the operation was in-place?

```

> `transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that they retain all columns that are present in the source DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that they retain all columns that are present in the source data frame.
```

> On the other hand, in-place functions, whose names end with `!`, may mutate the column vectors of the `DataFrame` they take as an argument, for example:

Reviewer: on the other hand to what?
```suggestion
On the other hand, in-place functions, whose names end with `!`, may mutate the column vectors of the data frame they take as an argument, for example:
```

Reviewer: also the point is that they mutate the data frame not (the fact that they mutate the columns is a consequence)

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

Reviewer: why loading it again?

    2 │   633     19  female      2  rent     little           NA
    3 │    93     20  male        2  rent     NA               rich
    4 │   155     20  female      2  rent     little           little
    5 │   167     20  female      2  own      rich             moderate        ⋯
    6 │   188     20  male        2  own      moderate         little
    7 │   296     20  female      2  rent     NA               NA
    8 │   410     20  female      2  own      little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   163     70  male        3  free     little           moderate        ⋯
  995 │   186     74  female      3  free     little           moderate
  996 │   430     74  male        1  own      little           NA
  997 │   606     74  male        3  own      little           NA
  998 │   756     74  male        0  own      little           rich            ⋯
  999 │   330     75  male        3  free     little           little
 1000 │   536     75  female      3  own      NA               little
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> german.Age[1] = 100

Reviewer: why it is not commented what this does?

    4 │   155     20  female      2  rent     little           little
    5 │   167     20  female      2  own      rich             moderate        ⋯
    6 │   188     20  male        2  own      moderate         little
    7 │   296     20  female      2  rent     NA               NA
    8 │   410     20  female      2  own      little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   163     70  male        3  free     little           moderate        ⋯
  995 │   186     74  female      3  free     little           moderate
  996 │   430     74  male        1  own      little           NA
  997 │   606     74  male        3  own      little           NA
  998 │   756     74  male        0  own      little           rich            ⋯
  999 │   330     75  male        3  free     little           little
 1000 │   536     75  female      3  own      NA               little
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german.Age
1000-element Vector{Int64}:
 100
  19
  20
  20
  20
  20
  20
  20
  20
  20
   ⋮
  68
  68
  70
  74
  74
  74
  74
  75
  75
```

> Note, that in the above example the original `Age` vector is not mutated in the process.

Reviewer: it is mutated.

> In-place functions are safe to call, except when a view of the `DataFrame` (created via a `view`, `@view` or `*groupby*`) or when a `DataFrame` created with `copycols=false` are in use.

Reviewer: I do not understand this comment at this stage of the tutorial.

> It is possible to have a direct access to a column `col` of a `DataFrame` `german` using the syntaxes `german.col`, `german[!, :col]`, via the `*eachcol*` function, by accessing a parent of a view of a column of a `DataFrame`, or simply by storing the reference to the column vector before the `DataFrame` was created with `copycols=false`.

Reviewer: again - why is this comment relevant here?

Author: I had repeated 2nd paragraph again. Sorry.

# First Steps with DataFrames.jl

> The first and important part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install the `DataFrames`
> package which is available thorugh the Julia package system and can be installed using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first and important part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install it.
You can do it using the
```

following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

> Or,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or,
```

```julia
julia> ] # `]` should be pressed 

(@v1.6) pkg>  add DataFrames
```

If you want to make sure everything works as expected you could run the tests bundled
with DataFrames.jl, but be warned that it will take more than 30 minutes.
```julia
julia> using DataFrames
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.test("DataFrames")
```

> Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with `st` command(this tutorial is for 1.x releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with `st` command (this tutorial is for 1.x releases).
```

```julia
julia> ]

> (@v1.6) pkg> st 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(@v1.6) pkg> st DataFrames
```
+ I assume that this command prints some output - right?

Author: yes

Reviewer: yes - this is the point of this example to show which version of DataFrames.jl is used in the tutorial so that the user can cross check if all is OK on user's side

```

> Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed DataFrames.jl package and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed the DataFrames.jl package and
```

> have already typed `using DataFrames`.
> Let's get started by loading the DataFrames.jl package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have already typed `using DataFrames` which loads the package:
```

```jldoctest
julia> using DataFrames
```

> The most fundamental object provided by DataFrames.jl is a `DataFrame`, where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most fundamental type provided by DataFrames.jl is `DataFrame`, where
```

typically that each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.

> # Constructors and basic utility functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Constructors and Basic Utility Functions
```

## Constructors

In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the `DataFrame(...)` constructor.
First, let's create an empty `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> using DataFrames
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: you already have said that you assume this has been executed. Same below.

Author: Yes, but last time documenter was throwing an error that DataFrame is not defined.

Author: Do you mean I should define like this?
```jldoctest dataframe

Reviewer: Yes

julia> df = DataFrame()
0×0 DataFrame
```

Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest

> julia> using DataFrames
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

julia> df = DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```

> note in column `:fixed` that scalars get automatically broadcasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
note that in column `:fixed` scalars get automatically broadcasted.
```

To move forward with the tutorial you need to install the CSV.jl package in your environment. 
In order to do so run the following commands:
```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("CSV")
```

> Before moving further make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 0.8.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 0.8.4.
```

Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into a `DataFrame`. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`
the functions in Julia are separated into two packages - CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first
step, you have to declare the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. In order to
read the file in we will use the `CSV.read` function.

> As the first step, we have to load the libraries we will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl.

Reviewer: repetition with what you have written 2 sentences above.

Author: But I am not getting a mistake, sorry.

Reviewer: Two sentences above you have written:

> As the first step, you have to declare the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> using DataFrames
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
you have written above that you assume it has already been loaded.

julia> using CSV

julia> german_ref = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

>                                       "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),

Reviewer: indentation

Author: but in vscode was showing correct

Reviewer: I can see what is committed to GitHub only and here the alignment is incorrect by one space

```

Now let's talk about the given code block:
```julia
german_ref = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                                      "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),
                                      DataFrame)
```
- we are storing `german.csv` file in the DataFrames.jl repository to make user's life easier and 
  avoid having to download it each time;
- `pathof(DataFrames)` gives us the full path of the file that was used to import the DataFrames.jl package;
- first we split the directory part from it using `dirname`;
- then from this directory we need to move to the directory where `german.csv` is stored; we use 
  `joinpath` as this is a recommended way to compose paths to resources stored on disk in an operating 
  system independent way  (remember that Widnows and Unix differ as they use either `/` or `\` as path 
  separator - `joinpath` is a function to make sure we are not running into issues with this);
- then we read the CSV file; the second argument to `CSV.read` is `DataFrame` to indicate that we want to 
  read in the file into a `DataFrame` (as `CSV.read` allows for many different target formats of data it 
  can read-into).

> You can see that Julia representation (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,

Reviewer: the sentence does not seem to be grammatically correct.

Author: the line no 138?

Reviewer: yes

In our case it is a `Int64`, and `String`.

To access the columns directly (i.e. without copying) you can use `german.Sex`, `german."Sex"`,
`german[!, :Sex]` or `german[!, "Sex"]`. The two latter syntaxes are more flexible as they allow
us passing a variable holding the name of the column, and not only a literal name. 

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

Since `german[!, :Sex]` does not make a copy, changing the elements of the column vector returned by this

> sysntax will affect the values stored in the original `german` dataframe. To get a **copy** of the column you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sysntax will affect the values stored in the original `german` data frame. To get a **copy** of the column you can use
```

`german[:, :Sex]`: changing the vector returned by this syntax does not change `german`.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Sex
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

> julia> german.Sex === german[!, :Sex] # The `===` function confirms that the constructed instances of these operations are actually one and the same

Reviewer: grammar in the comment

 "Sex"
 "Job"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Credit amount"
 "Duration"
 "Purpose"
```

You can also get column names with a given `eltype` (element type):
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german, String)
5-element Vector{String}:
 "Sex"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Purpose"
```

To get column names as `Symbol`s use the `propertynames` function:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> propertynames(german)
10-element Vector{Symbol}:
 :id
 :Age
 :Sex
 :Job
 :Housing
 Symbol("Saving accounts")
 Symbol("Checking account")
 Symbol("Credit amount")
 :Duration
 :Purpose
```

By broadcasting the `eltype` function over `eachcol(german)` iterator of columns stored
in the data frame we can get element types of columns:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> eltype.(eachcol(german))
10-element Vector{DataType}:
 Int64
 Int64
 String
 Int64
 String
 String
 String
 Int64
 Int64
 String
```

!!! note

  DataFrames.jl allows to use `Symbol`s (like `:id`) and strings (like `"id"`)
  for all column indexing operations for convenience. However, using `Symbol`s
  is slightly faster and should generally be preferred, if not generating them
  via string manipulation.

> To remove all rows from a DataFrame you can use `empty` and `empty!` functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove all rows from a `DataFrame` you can use `empty` and `empty!` functions:
```

    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> empty!(german)
0×10 DataFrame

julia> german
0×10 DataFrame
```

In the above example `empty` function created a new `DataFrame` with the same column names 
and column element types as `german` but with zero rows. On the other hand `empty!` function 
removed all rows from `german` in-place and made each of its column empty. 

> ## Getting basic information about a data frame

Reviewer: title case (check everywhere)

  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA                         2390        12  car
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA                         1736        12  furniture/equipment
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little                     3857        30  car
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA                          804        12  radio/TV
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little                     1845        45  radio/TV
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate                   4576        45  car
                                                                                                              985 rows omitted
```

You can also compute descriptive statistics directly on individual columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using Statistics

julia> mean(german.Age)
35.546
```

the `mapcols` function returns a `DataFrame` where each column of the source data frame is transformed using a passed function.

> Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`.If the transformation returns 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`. If the transformation returns 
```

its argument then it gets copied before being stored. 

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> mapcols(id -> id.^2, german) # `mapcols` will sequentially set `id` to `Purpose` and will do square of each column

Reviewer: grammar in the comment

while `german[!, :Sex]` and `german[:, :Sex]` return a vector:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, [:Sex]]
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]
true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

In the first case, `[:Sex]` is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a data frame.
On the other hand, `:Sex` is a single symbol, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted.
Note that in the first case a vector is required to be passed (not just any iterable),
so e.g. `german[:, (:Age, :Sex)]` is not allowed, but `german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]` is valid.

### Most elementary get and set operations

> Here, "get" means you retrieve the column, and "set" means you put the column in the data frame.

Reviewer: or part of the column

    2 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> german.Age # all get the vector stored in our DataFrame without copying it

Reviewer: grammar in the comment

Reviewer: what does the `"all"` refer to?

Author: Sorry, this one I had fixed.

1000-element Vector{Int64}:
 67
 22
 49
 45
 53
 35
 53
 35
 61
 28
  ⋮
 34
 23
 30
 50
 31
 40
 38
 23
 27

> julia> german."Sex" # the same using string indexing

Reviewer: this is not indexing.

1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[:, 3] # note that this creates a copy
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

> To get one row as a `DataFrame`, we can index as follows:

Reviewer: this is a section on selecting a column. Why do you discuss getting  a row in it?

Reviewer: as commended - the section is about column selection. Why do you give an example of row selection in a section on selecting columns?

Author: Oh, ok. Now I got it. Above I have discussed the column selection. Now, the same operation I wanted to show for Row selection as well. So I have given an example for Row selection.

Reviewer: I understand but why do you do it in the section of the manual on column selection?

─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate         ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[3, :] # this produces a DataFrameRow which is treated as 1-dimensional object similar to a NamedTuple
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA               ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

We can get a single cell or element with the same syntax to get an element of an array:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4, 4]
2
```

or to get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4:5, 4:5]
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String
─────┼────────────────
   1 │     2  free
   2 │     2  free
```

> Assignment of a scalar to a data frame can be done in ranges using broadcasting:

Reviewer: why do you give this example here? The section promised to show how to set a column in a data frame.

Author: My aim is to show if you want to set other values in the column(to provide some range) then you can do this using broadcasting.

Reviewer: And it would be a good example for this section. However your example dose not show "set other values in the column" but how to set multiple columns at once (which is a different operation).

Please read carefully https://dataframes.juliadata.org/latest/lib/indexing/ as this will give you an understanding how examples of `getindex`/`setindex!`/`broadcast!` should be structured.

    2 │     1      1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> The indexing syntax can also be used to select rows based on conditions on variables:

Reviewer: again - the section promised to discuss single column operations

Reviewer: you give an example of something else than single column and this section is about single column selection

                                                  3 columns and 384 rows omitted
```

If you need to match a specific subset of values, then the `in` function can be applied:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[in.(german.id, Ref(Set([1, 6, 908, 955]))), :]
5×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1      1  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     1      1  female      2  own      little           moderate
   3 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
   4 │   908     46  female      1  own      little           NA
   5 │   955     57  female      3  rent     rich             little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

Equivalently, the `in` function can be called with a single argument to create a function object that
tests whether each value belongs to the subset (partial application of `in`):

> `german[in(Set([1, 6, 908, 955])).(german.id), :]`

Reviewer: why not `jldoctest`?

Author: Because I had already shown this so I thought this time I can write the only syntax.

Reviewer: OK

> ## Not, Between, Cols, findall and All selectors

Reviewer: why `findall` is in the middle of the list?

Finally, you can use `Not`, `Between`, `Cols`, and `All` selectors in more complex column selection
scenarioes (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while `All()` selects all columns). Now we will 
see how `Cols` and `Between` can be used to select columns of a data frame. `All()` allows us to select  

> all columns of `DataFrame` while `Between` selector allow us to specify a range of columns (we can 

Reviewer: lack of logic linking in these two sentences.

Reviewer: you keep mixing `All` and `Cols` usage. It would be best if you discussed all selectors in a sequence without mixing the explanations.

    1 │     1  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> ```jldoctest dataframe

Reviewer: some comment is lacking

Reviewer: comment is still lacking - we should use markdown for commenting not comments in the code if possible

julia> german[:, Between(:Sex, :Housing)] # All columns starting from `:Sex` and ends at `:Housing`
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex     Job    Housing
      │ String  Int64  String
──────┼────────────────────────
    1 │ male        2  own
    2 │ female      2  own
    3 │ male        1  own
    4 │ male        2  free
    5 │ male        2  free
    6 │ male        1  free
    7 │ male        2  own
    8 │ male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3  own
  995 │ male        2  own
  996 │ female      1  own
  997 │ male        3  own
  998 │ male        2  own
  999 │ male        2  free
 1000 │ male        2  own
               985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Between("Sex", "Job"))] # presents `Age` column as well as `Sex` and `Job`

Reviewer: same here (or do not give a comment with `Not`)

Reviewer: still same here

    1 │     1      1      2  own      NA               little                  ⋯
    2 │     1      1      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │    49      2      1  own      little           NA
    4 │    45      3      2  free     little           little
    5 │    53      4      2  free     little           little                  ⋯
    6 │    35      5      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │    53      6      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │    35      7      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │    30    993      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │    50    994      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │    31    995      1  own      little           NA
  997 │    40    996      3  own      little           little
  998 │    38    997      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │    23    998      2  free     little           little
 1000 │    27    999      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> In the above example `german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))]`, `Age` column will come first after 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example `german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))]`, `:Age` column will come first after 
```

> removing `sex` column. For more understanding if we will follow this example `german[:, Cols("Job", Not("Sex"))]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removing `:sex` column. For more understanding if we will follow this example `german[:, Cols("Job", Not("Sex"))]`
```

> then `Job` column will be placed first and then the remaining order will be same after removing `Sex` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then `:Job` column will be placed first and then the remaining order will be same after removing `:Sex` column.
```

You can also use `Regex` to select columns and `Not` from [InvertedIndices.jl](https://github.com/mbauman/InvertedIndices.jl) 

> both to select rows and columns:

Reviewer: mixing two concepts at the same time unnecessarily.

Reviewer: this is a technically correct code, but incorrect in a sense that you show two unrelated things in one example which might confuse the reader.

      │ Int64  String  Int64  String
──────┼───────────────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2  own
    2 │    22  female      2  own
    3 │    49  male        1  own
    4 │    45  male        2  free
    5 │    53  male        2  free
    6 │    35  male        1  free
    7 │    53  male        2  own
    8 │    35  male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3  own
  995 │    50  male        2  own
  996 │    31  female      1  own
  997 │    40  male        3  own
  998 │    38  male        2  own
  999 │    23  male        2  free
 1000 │    27  male        2  own
                      985 rows omitted

julia> s_german2 = @view german[end:-1:1, [1, 4]] # row and column subsetting
1000×2 SubDataFrame
  Row │ id     Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │   999      2
    2 │   998      2
    3 │   997      2
    4 │   996      3
    5 │   995      1
    6 │   994      2
    7 │   993      3
    8 │   992      1
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │     6      2
  995 │     5      1
  996 │     4      2
  997 │     3      2
  998 │     2      1
  999 │     1      2
 1000 │     0      2
     985 rows omitted
```

> In the above example the number `2` and `5` represents the indices and as we know in `julia` indices start from `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example the number `2` and `5` represents the indices and as we know in Julia indices start from `1`.
```

> So, from `2:5` it will access the column from `Age` to `Housing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, from `2:5` it will access the column from `:Age` to `:Housing`.
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> @view german[1:5, 1]
5-element view(::Vector{Int64}, 1:5) with eltype Int64:
 0
 1
 2
 3
 4

> julia> @view german[2, 2]

Reviewer: why no comment. same below.

0-dimensional view(::Vector{Int64}, 2) with eltype Int64:
22

julia> @view german[3, 2:5] # a DataFrameRow, the same as for german[3, 2:5] without a view
DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   3 │    49  male        1  own

> julia> @view german[2:5, 2:5] # here you can see creation of view is very fast

Reviewer: how can we see this?

Reviewer: I still cannot see what you mean.

4×4 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   1 │    22  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free
```

> ## Using `select`, and `select!`, `transform`, and `transform!`

Reviewer: style with two "and" seems strange

    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, r"Sex") # select columns containing 'Sex' character

Reviewer: string

1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, r"Sex","Job") # Selects more than one column

Reviewer: the above operation also could have selected more than one column

Author: Yeah, my intention was to select one column and then show how to select more than one column

1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex     Job
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male        2
    2 │ female      2
    3 │ male        1
    4 │ male        2
    5 │ male        2
    6 │ male        1
    7 │ male        2
    8 │ male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3
  995 │ male        2
  996 │ female      1
  997 │ male        3
  998 │ male        2
  999 │ male        2
 1000 │ male        2
      985 rows omitted

julia> select(german, :Sex => :x1, :Age => :x2) # rename columns
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ x1      x2
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male       67
    2 │ female     22
    3 │ male       49
    4 │ male       45
    5 │ male       53
    6 │ male       35
    7 │ male       53
    8 │ male       35
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male       30
  995 │ male       50
  996 │ female     31
  997 │ male       40
  998 │ male       38
  999 │ male       23
 1000 │ male       27
      985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, :Age, :Age => ByRow(sqrt)) # transform columns by row

Reviewer: comment what `ByRow` does

1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Age_sqrt
      │ Int64  Float64
──────┼─────────────────
    1 │    67   8.18535
    2 │    22   4.69042
    3 │    49   7.0
    4 │    45   6.7082
    5 │    53   7.28011
    6 │    35   5.91608
    7 │    53   7.28011
    8 │    35   5.91608
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30   5.47723
  995 │    50   7.07107
  996 │    31   5.56776
  997 │    40   6.32456
  998 │    38   6.16441
  999 │    23   4.79583
 1000 │    27   5.19615
        985 rows omitted
```

It is important to note that `select` always returns a data frame, even if a single column selected 
(as opposed to indexing syntax).

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> select(german, :Age)
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Age
      │ Int64
──────┼───────
    1 │    67
    2 │    22
    3 │    49
    4 │    45
    5 │    53
    6 │    35
    7 │    53
    8 │    35
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │    30
  995 │    50
  996 │    31
  997 │    40
  998 │    38
  999 │    23
 1000 │    27
985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, :Age]
1000-element Vector{Int64}:
 67
 22
 49
 45
 53
 35
 53
 35
 61
 28
  ⋮
 34
 23
 30
 50
 31
 40
 38
 23
 27
```

> By default `select` copies columns of a passed source DataFrame. In order to avoid copying, pass `copycols=false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `select` copies columns of a passed source data frame. In order to avoid copying, pass `copycols=false`:
```

    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> `transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that they retain all columns that are present in the source data frame.

Reviewer: the difference is also that `transform` and `transform!` always copy columns when column renaming transformation
  is passed.

# First Steps with DataFrames.jl

The first and important part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install it.
You can do it using the following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

or,

```julia
julia> ] # `]` should be pressed 

(@v1.6) pkg>  add DataFrames
```

If you want to make sure everything works as expected you could run the tests bundled
with DataFrames.jl, but be warned that it will take more than 30 minutes.
```julia
julia> using DataFrames
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.test("DataFrames")
```

Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with `st` command (this tutorial is for 1.x releases).
```julia
julia> ]

(@v1.6) pkg> st DataFrames
      Status `C:\Users\TeAmp0is0N\.julia\environments\v1.6\Project.toml`
  [a93c6f00] DataFrames v1.1.1 
```

Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed the DataFrames.jl package and
have already typed `using DataFrames` which loads the package:

> ```jldoctest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jldoctest dataframe
```

 67
 22
 49
 45
 53
 35
 53
 35
 61
 28
  ⋮
 34
 23
 30
 50
 31
 40
 38
 23
 27

julia> german."Sex" # the same using string
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[:, 3] # note that this creates a copy
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

To get two columns as a `DataFrame`, we can index as follows:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, 1:2]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ id     Age
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │     0     67
    2 │     1     22
    3 │     2     49
    4 │     3     45
    5 │     4     53
    6 │     5     35
    7 │     6     53
    8 │     7     35
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │   993     30
  995 │   994     50
  996 │   995     31
  997 │   996     40
  998 │   997     38
  999 │   998     23
 1000 │   999     27
     985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, [:3]] # here we have created a single column data frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> german[:, [3]] # here we have created a single column data frame
```

1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted
```

> And we access the vector contained in column `:3` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compare this with accessing the vector contained in column `3`:
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german[:, :3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> german[:, 3]
```

1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

>  "male"
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 "male"
```

```

# First Steps with DataFrames.jl

The first and important part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install it.
You can do it using the following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

or,

```julia
julia> ] # `]` should be pressed

(@v1.6) pkg>  add DataFrames
```

If you want to make sure everything works as expected you could run the tests bundled
with DataFrames.jl, but be warned that it will take more than 30 minutes.
```julia
julia> using DataFrames
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.test("DataFrames")
```

Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with `st` command (this tutorial is for 1.x releases).
```julia
julia> ]

(@v1.6) pkg> st DataFrames
      Status `C:\Users\TeAmp0is0N\.julia\environments\v1.6\Project.toml`

>   [a93c6f00] DataFrames v1.1.1

Reviewer: TODO: update this line before merging to a correct version of DataFrames.jl

```

Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed the DataFrames.jl package and
have already typed `using DataFrames` which loads the package:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames
```

The most fundamental type provided by DataFrames.jl is `DataFrame`, where typically

> that each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.
```

# Constructors and Basic Utility Functions

## Constructors

> In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the `DataFrame(...)` constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the constructor.
```

First, let's create an empty `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame()
0×0 DataFrame
```

Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```

> note that in column `:fixed` scalars get automatically broadcasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
note that in column `:fixed` scalar gets automatically broadcasted.
```

To move forward with the tutorial you need to install the CSV.jl package in your environment.
In order to do so run the following commands:
```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("CSV")
```

> Make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 0.8.4.

Reviewer: similarly here - cross check this against the current version of CSV.jl at the moment of merging (most likely it will be 1.0)

Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into a `DataFrame`. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`

> the functions in Julia are separated into two packages - CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the you need two packages for this: CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first
```

> step, you have to declare the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. In order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step, you have to load the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. In order to
```

read the file in we will use the `CSV.read` function.
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using CSV

> julia> german_ref = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
>                                     "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),
>                                     DataFrame)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                                      "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),
                             DataFrame)
```

    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german = copy(german_ref); # It will copy the data frame
```

Now let's talk about the given code block:
```julia
german_ref = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

>                                       "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),

Reviewer: please fix indentation as above.

- then we read the CSV file; the second argument to `CSV.read` is `DataFrame` to indicate that we want to
  read in the file into a `DataFrame` (as `CSV.read` allows for many different target formats of data it
  can read-into).

You can see that Julia's representation (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,
In our case, it is an `Int64`, and a `String`.

To access the columns directly (i.e. without copying) you can use `german.Sex`, `german."Sex"`,
`german[!, :Sex]` or `german[!, "Sex"]`. The two latter syntaxes are more flexible as they allow
us passing a variable holding the name of the column, and not only a literal name.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

Since `german[!, :Sex]` does not make a copy, changing the elements of the column vector returned by this
syntax will affect the values stored in the original `german` data frame. To get a **copy** of the column you can use

> `german[:, :Sex]`: changing the vector returned by this syntax does not change `german`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`german[:, :Sex]`: changing the vector returned by this syntax does not affect the `german` data frame.
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Sex
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

> julia> german.Sex === german[!, :Sex] # The `===` function confirms that the construct instance of these operations are actually one and the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> german.Sex === german[!, :Sex] # The `===` function confirms that both expressions produce the same object
```

true

julia> german.Sex === german[:, :Sex]
false
```

> You can obtain the column names as strings using the `names` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain the column names of the data frame as `String`s using the `names` function:
```

  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little                     3857        30  car
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA                          804        12  radio/TV
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little                     1845        45  radio/TV
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate                   4576        45  car
                                                                                                              985 rows omitted
```

You can also compute descriptive statistics directly on individual columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using Statistics

julia> mean(german.Age)
35.546
```

the `mapcols` function returns a `DataFrame` where each column of the source data frame is transformed using a passed function.
Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`. If the transformation returns
its argument then it gets copied before being stored.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> mapcols(id -> id.^2, german) # `mapcols` will sequentially set columns from `id` to `Purpose` and will do square of each columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> mapcols(id -> id .^ 2, german) # `mapcols` will sequentially set columns from `id` to `Purpose` and will do square of each columns
```

─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
   3 │    14     28  female      2  rent     little           little
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex
      │ Int64  String
──────┼───────────────
    1 │    67  male
    2 │    22  female
    3 │    49  male
    4 │    45  male
    5 │    53  male
    6 │    35  male
    7 │    53  male
    8 │    35  male
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30  male
  995 │    50  male
  996 │    31  female
  997 │    40  male
  998 │    38  male
  999 │    23  male
 1000 │    27  male
      985 rows omitted
```

In this example we have created a `DataFrame` using `:Sex` and `:Age` column for the first five Rows:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[1:5, [:Sex, :Age]]
5×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Sex     Age
     │ String  Int64
─────┼───────────────
   1 │ male       67
   2 │ female     22
   3 │ male       49
   4 │ male       45
   5 │ male       53
```

> Pay attention that `german[!, [:Sex]]` and `german[:, [:Sex]]` return a data frame object,

Reviewer: why do you use `!` here for row selector? Also you have not explained yet what `german[!, [:Sex]]` means.

Author: I have explained about `[:Sex]` below the code blocks.

Reviewer: This is exactly the point - the text does not follow the principle that **first** something is explained, and **next** it is used.

while `german[!, :Sex]` and `german[:, :Sex]` return a vector:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, [:Sex]]
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

> julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]

Reviewer: why showing this test is useful?

true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

In the first case, `[:Sex]` is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a data frame.
On the other hand, `:Sex` is a single symbol, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted.
Note that in the first case a vector is required to be passed (not just any iterable),
so e.g. `german[:, (:Age, :Sex)]` is not allowed, but `german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]` is valid.

### Most elementary get and set operations

> Here, "get" means you retrieve a part of the column, and "set" means you put a part of the column in the data frame.

Reviewer: maybe list here what kinds of "get" and "set" operations you list in this subsection?

Author: Sorry, I did not get this completely.

Reviewer: please list (we might start with listing in the comment and later decide how to handle this) what "get and set operations" you give examples of in the "### Most elementary get and set operations" section, so that we are sure that we agree that indeed the relevant scenarios are covered.

Reviewer: bump

Author: These scenarios will be covered for `setindex!`:
```
julia> data = DataFrame(marks = repeat(70:72, inner = 2),
                         subject = repeat(["English", "Computer Science", "Mathematics"], outer = 2),
                         semester = 1:6)
                         
 julia> ncol(data) == 0 || length(val) == nrow(data) # to check that below operation can be performed or not

julia> data.col = val        

julia> data.col === val # no copy is performed

julia> data[rows, col] = val    

julia> data[!, :col] = val # replaces `:col` without copying  

julia> data[row, cols] = val
```

Reviewer: I think `dfr` and `sdf` can be skipped (but you can also keep them if you like). Key things missing are:
* broadcasted assignment (i.e. with `.=`)
* discussion of adding a new column vs assignment to an existing column
* discussion of `df[:, col] = val`

    2 │     1      4  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2      4  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3      4  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4      4  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5      4  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6      4  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7      4  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993      4  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994      4  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995      4  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996      4  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997      4  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998      4  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999      4  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> ## Not, Between, Cols, and All selectors

Reviewer: why it is 2nd level section, and above was 3rd level?

Author: because these were the important and mostly used functions. So, I wanted to take it a priority.

Reviewer: So what is the logic of making something `###` level section vs. `##` level section?

Author: Yeah, you are right. It is not making any sense. Fixing it.

    1 │ male        2  own
    2 │ female      2  own
    3 │ male        1  own
    4 │ male        2  free
    5 │ male        2  free
    6 │ male        1  free
    7 │ male        2  own
    8 │ male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3  own
  995 │ male        2  own
  996 │ female      1  own
  997 │ male        3  own
  998 │ male        2  own
  999 │ male        2  free
 1000 │ male        2  own
               985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Between("Sex", "Job"))] # presents `Age` column as well as `Sex` and `Job`
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex     Job
      │ Int64  String  Int64
──────┼──────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2
    2 │    22  female      2
    3 │    49  male        1
    4 │    45  male        2
    5 │    53  male        2
    6 │    35  male        1
    7 │    53  male        2
    8 │    35  male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3
  995 │    50  male        2
  996 │    31  female      1
  997 │    40  male        3
  998 │    38  male        2
  999 │    23  male        2
 1000 │    27  male        2
             985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))] # Shows all column except `Sex` because of `Not` operation

Reviewer: maybe also comment that puts `:Age` in front?

> 000×9 DataFrame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1000×9 DataFrame
```

    6 │     5     35      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │   993     30      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │   994     50      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40      3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │   998     23      2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

In the given code of block `:` means that the columns will get copied:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, Not(2)]
1000×9 DataFrame
  Row │ id     Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account  Cred ⋯
      │ Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String            Int6 ⋯
──────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

>     1 │     1  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
```

    5 │    53  male        2  free
    6 │    35  male        1  free
    7 │    53  male        2  own
    8 │    35  male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3  own
  995 │    50  male        2  own
  996 │    31  female      1  own
  997 │    40  male        3  own
  998 │    38  male        2  own
  999 │    23  male        2  free
 1000 │    27  male        2  own
                      985 rows omitted

julia> s_german2 = @view german[end:-1:1, [1, 4]] # row and column subsetting
1000×2 SubDataFrame
  Row │ id     Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │   999      2
    2 │   998      2
    3 │   997      2
    4 │   996      3
    5 │   995      1
    6 │   994      2
    7 │   993      3
    8 │   992      1
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │     6      2
  995 │     5      1
  996 │     4      2
  997 │     3      2
  998 │     2      1
  999 │     1      2
 1000 │     0      2
     985 rows omitted
```
In the above example the number `2` and `5` represents the indices and as we know in Julia indices start from `1`.
So, from `2:5` it will access the column from `:Age` to `:Housing`.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> @view german[1:5, 1]

Reviewer: maybe comment what we show here?

    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> select(german, r"Sex") # select columns containing 'Sex' string
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, r"Sex","Job") # Selects more than one column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> select(german, r"Sex", "Job") # Selects more than one column
```

1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex     Job
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male        2
    2 │ female      2
    3 │ male        1
    4 │ male        2
    5 │ male        2
    6 │ male        1
    7 │ male        2
    8 │ male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3
  995 │ male        2
  996 │ female      1
  997 │ male        3
  998 │ male        2
  999 │ male        2
 1000 │ male        2
      985 rows omitted

julia> select(german, :Sex => :x1, :Age => :x2) # rename columns
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ x1      x2
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male       67
    2 │ female     22
    3 │ male       49
    4 │ male       45
    5 │ male       53
    6 │ male       35
    7 │ male       53
    8 │ male       35
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male       30
  995 │ male       50
  996 │ female     31
  997 │ male       40
  998 │ male       38
  999 │ male       23
 1000 │ male       27
      985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, :Age, :Age => ByRow(sqrt)) # transform columns by row

Reviewer: maybe explain and give more examples how transformation specification minilanguage works?

Reviewer: You give an example of `:Age => ByRow(sqrt)` transformation, but do not explain the "source => transformation => destination" minilanguage anywhere.

    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

`transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that
they retain all columns that are present in the source data frame and another difference is that `transform` and

> `transform!` always copy columns when column renaming transformation is passed.

Reviewer: maybe give an example?

Author: Yeah, I have discussed it in a different section of another file.

Reviewer: I do not see this in this PR. Where do you discuss it?

Author: Not in this PR I just put some text/note. In my next PR, I have covered. The order of content won't change. I have noted in my points that all content is in order or not when I will mention these files in `make.jl`.

Reviewer: As commented several times - it is very hard to review PRs if they are not self contained. I think we should not merge PRs that rely on other PRs that are not reviewed nor merged yet. @nalimilan - could you please comment what you think? Thank you!

Reviewer 2: It would make sense to have an example of `transform` here indeed. Any reason not to include it in this PR?

> # First Steps with DataFrames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# First Steps with DataFrames.jl
```

The first and important part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install the `DataFrames`
package which is available thorugh the Julia package system and can be installed using the
following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

Or,

```julia
julia> ] # `]` should be pressed 

(@v1.6) pkg>  add DataFrames
```

> To make sure everything works as expected, try to load the package and if you have the time execute
> its test suits. It can take around 2726.057766 seconds (770.99 k allocations: 59.873 MiB, 0.07% gc time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make sure everything works as expected you could run the tests bundled
with DataFrames.jl, but be warned that it will take more than 30 minutes.
```

```julia
julia> using DataFrames
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.test("DataFrames")
```

> Additionally, you must check the version installed with `st` command and ensure it is `1.0` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with `st` command (this tutorial is for 1.x releases).
```

```julia
julia> ]

(@v1.6) pkg> st 
```

Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed DataFrames.jl package and
have already typed `using DataFrames`.

> Let's get started by loading the DataFrames package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's get started by loading the DataFrames.jl package:
```

```jldoctest
julia> using DataFrames
```

> The object of the `DataFrame` that each row is an observation and each column is a feature or something similar. 
> The reason is that `DataFrame` is not a collection of its columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most fundamental object provided by DataFrames.jl is a `DataFrame`, where
typically that each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.
```

# Constructors and basic utility functions

## Constructors

In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the `DataFrame(...)` constructor.
First, let's create an empty `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames

julia> df = DataFrame()
0×0 DataFrame
```

Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest
julia> using DataFrames

julia> df = DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```

> note in column `:const` that scalars get automatically broadcasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
note in column `:fixed` that scalars get automatically broadcasted.
```

> We assume that you will have installed `DataFrames.jl`. If you haven't install `CSV.jl` in your environment, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move forward with the tutorial you need to install the CSV.jl package in your environment.
```

> run the REPL (command-line interface started usually by typing `julia`). Run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do so run the following commands:
```

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("CSV")
```

> Now before moving further make sure you have the  correct versions of `CSV.jl` and `DataFrames.jl` 
> which are `CSV v0.8.4` and `DataFrames v1.0.0` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before moving further make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 0.8.4.
```

Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into a `DataFrame`. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`

> the functions in Julia are separated into two packages - `CSV.jl` and `DataFrames.jl`. As the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the functions in Julia are separated into two packages - CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first
```

> step, you have to declare the libraries you will use. In our case `CSV` and `DataFrames`. In order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step, you have to declare the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. In order to
```

> turn the `CSV.read` to a DataFrame you have to pass it to the `DataFrames.DataFrame` object. You can
> wrap DataFrame around the `CSV.read(path; kwargs)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
read the file in we will use the `CSV.read` function.
```

> As the first step, we have to declare the libraries we will use. In our case `CSV` and `DataFrames`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the first step, we have to load the libraries we will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl.
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames

julia> using CSV

julia> german_ref = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

>                                  "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                       "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),
```

>                        DataFrame)

Reviewer: also align properly

    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german = copy(german_ref); # It will copy the data frame
```

Now let's talk about the given code block:
```julia
german = CSV.read((joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),

>                                  "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv")),

Reviewer: alignment

                       DataFrame)
```

> - we are storing `german.csv` file in the `DataFrames.jl` repository to make user's life easier and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- we are storing `german.csv` file in the DataFrames.jl repository to make user's life easier and 
```

  avoid having to download it each time;

> - `pathof(DataFrames)` gives us the full path of the file that was used to import `DataFrames`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pathof(DataFrames)` gives us the full path of the file that was used to import the DataFrames.jl package;
```

- first we split the directory part from it using `dirname`;
- then from this directory we need to move to the directory where `german.csv` is stored; we use 
  `joinpath` as this is a recommended way to compose paths to resources stored on disk in an operating 
  system independent way  (remember that Widnows and Unix differ as they use either `/` or `\` as path 
  separator - `joinpath` is a function to make sure we are not running into issues with this);
- then we read the CSV file; the second argument to `CSV.read` is `DataFrame` to indicate that we want to 
  read in the file into a `DataFrame` (as `CSV.read` allows for many different target formats of data it 
  can read-into).

You can see that Julia representation (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,
In our case it is a `Int64`, and `String`.

To access the columns directly (i.e. without copying) you can use `german.Sex`, `german."Sex"`,
`german[!, :Sex]` or `german[!, "Sex"]`. The two latter syntaxes are more flexible as they allow

> us passing a variable holding the name of the column, and not only a literal name. Columns name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
us passing a variable holding the name of the column, and not only a literal name. Column's name
```

can be passed either as a `Symbol` (written as `:Sex`, `:var"Sex"` or `Symbol("Sex")`) or as a string 

> (written as `"Sex"`). Variable interpolation into the string using `$` does not work if you have forms

Reviewer: I would think it is too much detail here. Do you think a new user will exactly understand what we want to say here?

Author: I think every detail is straightforward here.

Reviewer: Ah - so we have a different feeling here. For me such things are complex. E.g. it is not immediately obvious for me which of these work (I am listing the ones you have listed as equivalent ways to pass a `Symbol`):
```
german.:Sex
german.:var"Sex"
german.Symbol("Sex")
```
Do you feel that it is useful to teach people about these ways to express a `Symbol` (I am not telling that not - I would like to get a frank opinion from you here as personally I always thought that no one would in practice write e.g. `:vec"x"` if someone can just write `"x"` to get the same effect)

Author: Yeah, you are right.

like `german."Sex"` and `:var"Sex"`. You can also access the column using an integer index specifying 
their position.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

Since `german[!, :Sex]` does not make a copy, changing the elements of the column vector returned by this
sysntax will affect the values stored in the original `german` dataframe. To get a **copy** of the column you can use
`german[:, :Sex]`: changing the vector returned by this syntax does not change `german`.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Sex
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

> julia> german.Sex === german[!, :Sex]

Reviewer: add a comment what `===` does.

true

julia> german.Sex === german[:, :Sex]
false
```

You can obtain the column names as strings using the `names` function:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german)
10-element Vector{String}:
 "id"
 "Age"
 "Sex"
 "Job"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Credit amount"
 "Duration"
 "Purpose"
```

You can also get column names with a given `eltype` (element type):
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german, String)
5-element Vector{String}:
 "Sex"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Purpose"
```

To get column names as `Symbol`s use the `propertynames` function:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> propertynames(german)
10-element Vector{Symbol}:
 :id
 :Age
 :Sex
 :Job
 :Housing
 Symbol("Saving accounts")
 Symbol("Checking account")
 Symbol("Credit amount")
 :Duration
 :Purpose
```

> using `eltype` on `eachcol(german)` returns element types of columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By broadcasting the `eltype` function over `eachcol(german)` iterator of columns stored
in the data frame we can get element types of columns:
```

    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> empty!(german)
0×10 DataFrame

julia> german
0×10 DataFrame
```

> In the above example `empty` function create a new `DataFrame` with the same column names 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example `empty` function created a new `DataFrame` with the same column names 
```

and column element types as `german` but with zero rows. On the other hand `empty!` function 

> remove all rows from `german` and make each of its column empty. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removed all rows from `german` in-place and made each of its column empty. 
```

## Getting basic information about a data frame

In this section we will learn about how to get basic information on our `german` `DataFrame`:

> The standard `size` function works to get dimensions of the data frame,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard `size` function works to get dimensions of the data frame.
First we restore the `german` data frame, as we have just emptied it above.
```

  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little                     3959        36  furniture/equipment
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA                         2390        12  car
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA                         1736        12  furniture/equipment
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little                     3857        30  car
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA                          804        12  radio/TV
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little                     1845        45  radio/TV
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate                   4576        45  car
                                                                                                              985 rows omitted
```

You can also compute descriptive statistics directly on individual columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using Statistics

julia> mean(german.Age)
35.546
```

> `mapcols` function return a `DataFrame` where each column of `german` is transformed using function `f`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `mapcols` function returns a `DataFrame` where each column of the source data frame
is transformed using a passed function.
```

> Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`. If `f` 
> returns its argument then it gets copied before being stored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`.
If the transformation returns its argument then it gets copied before being stored. 
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = copy(german_ref);

Reviewer: why is this line needed?

Author: because here I needed the original data frame to perform the further operation.

Reviewer: but was it modified at this point?

> julia> mapcols(id -> id.^2, german)

Reviewer: maybe comment why what we did worked here and what is the result?

    5 │     16   2809  malemale          4  freefree  littlelittle          li ⋯
    6 │     25   1225  malemale          1  freefree  NANA                  NA
    7 │     36   2809  malemale          4  ownown    quite richquite rich  NA
    8 │     49   1225  malemale          9  rentrent  littlelittle          mo
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮         ⋮          ⋮       ⋮               ⋮               ⋱
  994 │ 986049    900  malemale          9  ownown    littlelittle          li ⋯
  995 │ 988036   2500  malemale          4  ownown    NANA                  NA
  996 │ 990025    961  femalefemale      1  ownown    littlelittle          NA
  997 │ 992016   1600  malemale          9  ownown    littlelittle          li
  998 │ 994009   1444  malemale          4  ownown    littlelittle          NA ⋯
  999 │ 996004    529  malemale          4  freefree  littlelittle          li
 1000 │ 998001    729  malemale          4  ownown    moderatemoderate      mo
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

If you want to look at first and last rows of a data frame (respectively) then you can do this

> using `first` and `last` functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `first` and `last` functions:
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = copy(german_ref);

Reviewer: why copy?

Author: Previously I had performed an operation which had changed our data frame.

Reviewer: OK

Reviewer: > Previously I had performed an operation which had changed our data frame.

I have checked and could not find this operation. Can you please point me to it?

Author: resolved.

   5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little           ⋯
   6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german, 5)
5×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA               ⋯
   2 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
   3 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA
   4 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
   5 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate         ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

Using `first` and `last` without number of rows will return a first/last `DataFrameRow` in the data frame.
`DataFrameRow` is a view into a single row of an `AbstractDataFrame`. It stores only a reference to a parent 

> `DataFrame` and information about which row and columns from the parent are selected (both as integer indices 
> referring to the parent). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DataFrame` and information about which row and columns from the parent are selected. 
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> first(german)
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german)
DataFrameRow
  Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking accoun ⋯
      │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String          ⋯
──────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate        ⋯
                                                               4 columns omitted
```

> ## Taking a Subset of `german` data frame

Reviewer: why "Subset" is capitalized?

                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[[1, 6, 15], :]
3×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
   3 │    14     28  female      2  rent     little           little
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex
      │ Int64  String
──────┼───────────────
    1 │    67  male
    2 │    22  female
    3 │    49  male
    4 │    45  male
    5 │    53  male
    6 │    35  male
    7 │    53  male
    8 │    35  male
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30  male
  995 │    50  male
  996 │    31  female
  997 │    40  male
  998 │    38  male
  999 │    23  male
 1000 │    27  male
      985 rows omitted

> julia> german[1:5, [:Sex, :Age]]

Reviewer: this is not an example of using `:`

Author: Yeah, I had put the comment outside the block. So that considered for all but now I have removed that example from that block.

Reviewer: OK

Reviewer: upon checking - you are still in the same logical block - there is no comment between blocks.

while `german[!, :Sex]` and `german[:, :Sex]` return a vector:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, [:Sex]]
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]
true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

In the first case, `[:Sex]` is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a data frame.
On the other hand, `:Sex` is a single symbol, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted.
Note that in the first case a vector is required to be passed (not just any iterable),
so e.g. `german[:, (:Age, :Sex)]` is not allowed, but `german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]` is valid.

> ### Most elementary `get` and `set` operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Most elementary get and set operations
```

> Here, `get` means you retrieve the column, and `set` means you put the column in the data frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, "get" means you retrieve the column, and "set" means you put the column in the data frame.
```

> Given the data frame `german` earlier we have created, here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the data frame `german` here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:
```

  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german.Age # all get the vector stored in our DataFrame without copying it
1000-element Vector{Int64}:
 67
 22
 49
 45
 53
 35
 53
 35
 61
 28
  ⋮
 34
 23
 30
 50
 31
 40
 38
 23
 27

julia> german."Sex" # the same using string indexing
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[:, 3] # note that this creates a copy
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

> To grab one row as `DataFrame`, we can index as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grab one row as a `DataFrame`, we can index as follows:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[2:2, :]
1×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate         ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[3, :] # this produces a DataFrameRow which is treated as 1-dimensional object similar to a NamedTuple
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA               ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

> we can grab a single cell or element with the same syntax to grab an element of an array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can get a single cell or element with the same syntax to get an element of an array:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4, 4]
2
```

> or to get a new DataFrame that is subset of rows and columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns:
```

   2 │   602     34  female      1  free     little           moderate
   3 │   603     28  female      3  own      little           NA
   4 │   604     23  female      2  own      little           rich
   5 │   605     22  male        2  own      quite rich       little           ⋯
   6 │   606     74  male        3  own      little           NA
   7 │   607     50  female      2  free     moderate         moderate
   8 │   608     33  male        2  own      little           NA
  ⋮  │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮         ⋱
 393 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little           ⋯
 394 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
 395 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
 396 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
 397 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA               ⋯
 398 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 399 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 384 rows omitted
```

> If you need to match a specific subset of values, then `in()` can be applied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to match a specific subset of values, then the `in` function can be applied:
```

5×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1      1  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     1      1  female      2  own      little           moderate
   3 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
   4 │   908     46  female      1  own      little           NA
   5 │   955     57  female      3  rent     rich             little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

Equivalently, the `in` function can be called with a single argument to create a function object that
tests whether each value belongs to the subset (partial application of `in`):
`german[in(Set([1, 6, 908, 955])).(german.id), :]`

## Not, Between, Cols, findall and All selectors

Finally, you can use `Not`, `Between`, `Cols`, and `All` selectors in more complex column selection
scenarioes (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while `All()` selects all columns). Now we will 

> see how `Cols` and `Between` can be used to select columns of a data frame. `All()` allow us to select 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see how `Cols` and `Between` can be used to select columns of a data frame. `All()` allows us to select 
```

all columns of `DataFrame` while `Between` selector allow us to specify a range of columns (we can 
specify the start and stop column using any of the single column selector syntaxes). On the other hand, 
`Not` selector allow us to specify the columns we want to exclude from the resulting data frames. We 

> can put any valid other column selector inside `Not`. Meanwhile `Cols()` selector pick a union of other 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can put any valid other column selector inside `Not`. Finally `Cols()` selector picks a union of other 
```

    1 │     1  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> ```jldoctest dataframe

Reviewer: why no comment here like above?

Reviewer: OK

julia> german[:, Between(:Sex, :Housing)]
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex     Job    Housing
      │ String  Int64  String
──────┼────────────────────────
    1 │ male        2  own
    2 │ female      2  own
    3 │ male        1  own
    4 │ male        2  free
    5 │ male        2  free
    6 │ male        1  free
    7 │ male        2  own
    8 │ male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3  own
  995 │ male        2  own
  996 │ female      1  own
  997 │ male        3  own
  998 │ male        2  own
  999 │ male        2  free
 1000 │ male        2  own
               985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Between("Sex", "Job"))]

Reviewer: same here and below

    1 │     1      1      2  own      NA               little                  ⋯
    2 │     1      1      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │    49      2      1  own      little           NA
    4 │    45      3      2  free     little           little
    5 │    53      4      2  free     little           little                  ⋯
    6 │    35      5      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │    53      6      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │    35      7      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │    30    993      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │    50    994      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │    31    995      1  own      little           NA
  997 │    40    996      3  own      little           little
  998 │    38    997      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │    23    998      2  free     little           little
 1000 │    27    999      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> findall(==(67), german[!, :Age]) # It will find 67 in column `Age` of `german` data frame

Reviewer: this is a different topic and unrelated to the issues above. Maybe add some more comment here?

Author: Can you guide, please? I am not getting further. :(

Reviewer: you are giving an example of using `findall` on a vector - so this is a topic for Julia Base manual (i.e. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/) and not DataFrames.jl manual. We can add it if you show how this relates to DataFrames.jl functionality - otherwise we should assume that readers learn how to use `findall` from Julia Base manual.

    1 │     1  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

## Views

> You can simply create a `view` of a data frame (it is more efficient than creating a materialized selection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply create a `view` of a data frame (it is more memory efficient than creating a materialized selection).
```

  999 │     1      2
 1000 │     0      2
     985 rows omitted
```
In the above example the number `2` and `5` represents the indices and as we know in `julia` indices start from `1`.
So, from `2:5` it will access the column from `Age` to `Housing`.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> @view german[1:5, 1]
5-element view(::Vector{Int64}, 1:5) with eltype Int64:
 0
 1
 2
 3
 4

julia> @view german[2, 2]
0-dimensional view(::Vector{Int64}, 2) with eltype Int64:
22

julia> @view german[3, 2:5] # a DataFrameRow, the same as for german[3, 2:5] without a view
DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   3 │    49  male        1  own

julia> @view german[2:5, 2:5] # here you can see creation of view is very fast
4×4 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   1 │    22  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free
```

In-place functions are safe to call, except when a view of the `DataFrame` (created via a `view`, `@view` or `*groupby*`) 

> or when a `DataFrame` created with `copycols=false` are in use.

Reviewer: I am not clear how this relates to the context.

Author: Actually, I had performed `view` operations above.

Reviewer: you have, but again - the manual must have a logical flow. We should not inject information, even it it true in a section that covers something else. Especially some non obvious considerations like this one. If you feel it should be included add an example that breaks things and tell the reader that this should be avoided.

> ## Using `select`, and `select!`, `transform`, and `transform!`, `sort!`

Reviewer: why `sort!` is in the same bag as the other functions?

Author: These operations I had to explain so I thought right now `sort!` also can be explained.

Reviewer: explain `sort!` in a copletely separate secion (probably another PR after this one, as it is logically a completely different task)

# First Steps with DataFrames.jl

If want to use the DataFrames.jl package you need to install it first.
You can do it using the following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

or

```julia
julia> ] # `]` should be pressed

(@v1.6) pkg> add DataFrames
```

If you want to make sure everything works as expected you can run the tests bundled
with DataFrames.jl, but be warned that it will take more than 30 minutes.
```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.test("DataFrames")
```

> Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with `st` command (this tutorial is for 1.x releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it is recommended to check the version installed with the `status` command.
```

```julia
julia> ]

> (@v1.6) pkg> st DataFrames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(@v1.6) pkg> status DataFrames
```

      Status `C:\Users\TeAmp0is0N\.julia\environments\v1.6\Project.toml`
  [a93c6f00] DataFrames v1.1.1
```

Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed the DataFrames.jl package and
have already typed `using DataFrames` which loads the package:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames
```

The most fundamental type provided by DataFrames.jl is `DataFrame`, where typically
each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.

# Constructors and Basic Utility Functions

## Constructors

In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the constructor.
First, let's create an empty `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> df = DataFrame()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> DataFrame()
```

0×0 DataFrame
```

Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> df = DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
```

3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```
note that in column `:fixed` scalar `1` gets automatically broadcasted.

To move forward with the tutorial you need to install the CSV.jl package in your environment.
In order to do so run the following commands:
```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("CSV")
```
Make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 1.0.

Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into a `DataFrame`. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`
you need two packages to accomplish this: CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first
step, you have to load the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. In order to
read the file in we will use the `CSV.read` function.
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using CSV

julia> german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                                      "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),

>                               DataFrame)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                             DataFrame)
```

1000×10 DataFrame

>   Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking accoun ⋯

Reviewer: please explain cropping as it is present many times in this tutorial.

    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german = copy(german_ref); # It will copy the data frame
```

Now let's talk about the given code block:
```julia

> german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
>                                       "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),
>                               DataFrame)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                               "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),
                      DataFrame)
```

```
- we are storing `german.csv` file in the DataFrames.jl repository to make user's life easier and
  avoid having to download it each time;
- `pathof(DataFrames)` gives us the full path of the file that was used to import the DataFrames.jl package;
- first we split the directory part from it using `dirname`;
- then from this directory we need to move to the directory where `german.csv` is stored; we use
  `joinpath` as this is a recommended way to compose paths to resources stored on disk in an operating

>   system independent way  (remember that Widnows and Unix differ as they use either `/` or `\` as path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  system independent way (remember that Widnows and Unix differ as they use either `/` or `\` as path
```

  separator; the `joinpath` function ensures we are not running into issues with this);
- then we read the CSV file; the second argument to `CSV.read` is `DataFrame` to indicate that we want to
  read in the file into a `DataFrame` (as `CSV.read` allows for many different target formats of data it
  can read-into).

You can see that DataFrames.jl (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,

> In our case, it is an `Int64`, or `String`.

Reviewer: TODO: check after new CSV.jl release

Reviewer: The same applies to every expression in this tutorial that uses `String`.

    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> empty!(german)
0×10 DataFrame

julia> german
0×10 DataFrame
```

In the above example `empty` function created a new `DataFrame` with the same column names
and column element types as `german` but with zero rows. On the other hand `empty!` function

> removed all rows from `german` in-place and made each of its column empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removed all rows from `german` in-place and made each of its column empty.
The difference between the behavior of the `empty` and `empty!` functions is an application of the
[stylistic convention](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/variables/#Stylistic-Conventions)
employed in the Julia language.
This convention is followed in all functions provided by the DataFrames.jl package.
```

> ## Getting Basic Information about a data frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Basic Information about a Data Frame
```

In this section we will learn about how to get basic information on our `german` `DataFrame`:

> The standard `size` function works to get dimensions of the data frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `size` function returns the dimensions of the data frame.
```

  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little                     3857        30  car
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA                          804        12  radio/TV
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little                     1845        45  radio/TV
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate                   4576        45  car
                                                                                                              985 rows omitted
```

You can also compute descriptive statistics directly on individual columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using Statistics

julia> mean(german.Age)
35.546
```

the `mapcols` function returns a `DataFrame` where each column of the source data frame is transformed using a passed function.
Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`. If the transformation returns
its argument then it gets copied before being stored.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> mapcols(id -> id .^2, german) # `mapcols` will sequentially set columns from `id` to `Purpose` and will do square of each columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> mapcols(id -> id .^2, german)
```

   2 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
   4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
   5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little           ⋯
   6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german, 5)
5×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA               ⋯
   2 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
   3 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA
   4 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
   5 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate         ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted
```

> Using `first` and `last` without number of rows will return a first/last `DataFrameRow` in the data frame.
> `DataFrameRow` is a view into a single row of an `AbstractDataFrame`. It stores only a reference to a parent
> `DataFrame` and information about which row and columns from the parent are selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `first` and `last` without number of rows will return a first/last `DataFrameRow` in the data frame.
`DataFrameRow` is a view into a single row of an `AbstractDataFrame`. It stores only a reference to a parent
`DataFrame` and information about which row and columns from the parent are selected.
You can think of `DataFrameRow` as a `NamedTuple` that is mutable,
i.e. allows to update the source data frame, which is often useful.
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> first(german)
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german)
DataFrameRow
  Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking accoun ⋯
      │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String          ⋯
──────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate        ⋯
                                                               4 columns omitted
```

> # Taking a subset of `german` data frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Taking a Subset of a Data Frame
```

## Indexing Syntax

Specific subsets of a data frame can be extracted using the indexing syntax, similar to matrices.
In the [Indexing](https://dataframes.juliadata.org/stable/lib/indexing/#Indexing) section of the
manual you can find all details about the available options. Here we highlight the basic ones.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The general syntax of indexing is `data_frame[selected_rows, selected_columns]`.
Observe that, as opposed to matrices in Julia Base,
it is required to pass both row and column selector.
```

                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[[1, 6, 15], :]
3×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
   3 │    14     28  female      2  rent     little           little
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex
      │ Int64  String
──────┼───────────────
    1 │    67  male
    2 │    22  female
    3 │    49  male
    4 │    45  male
    5 │    53  male
    6 │    35  male
    7 │    53  male
    8 │    35  male
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30  male
  995 │    50  male
  996 │    31  female
  997 │    40  male
  998 │    38  male
  999 │    23  male
 1000 │    27  male
      985 rows omitted
```

> In this example we have created a `DataFrame` using `:Sex` and `:Age` column for the first five rows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below we created a `DataFrame` having `:Sex` and `:Age` columns
and the first five rows of the `german` data set:
```

julia> german[!, [:Sex]]
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]
true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

As it was explained above the difference between using `!` and `:`
when passing a row index is that `!` does not perform a copy of columns, while `:` does.
Therefore `german[!, [:Sex]]` data frame stores the same vector as the source `german` data frame,
while `german[:, [:Sex]]` stores its copy. The `!` selector normally should be avoided
as using it can lead to hard to catch bugs. However, when working with very large data frames
it can be useful to save memory and improve performance of operations.

> ## Most elementary get and set operations
> 
> Here, "get" means you retrieve a part of the column, and "set" means you put a part of the column in the data frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    2 │     1     22
    3 │     2     49
    4 │     3     45
    5 │     4     53
    6 │     5     35
    7 │     6     53
    8 │     7     35
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │   993     30
  995 │   994     50
  996 │   995     31
  997 │   996     40
  998 │   997     38
  999 │   998     23
 1000 │   999     27
     985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, [3]] # here we have created a single column data frame
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted
```

Compare this with accessing the vector contained in column `3`:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, 3]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

We can get a single cell of a data frame with the same syntax to get a cell of a matrix:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4, 4]
2
```

> or to get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns do e.g.:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4:5, 4:5]
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String
─────┼────────────────
   1 │     2  free
   2 │     2  free
```

> 

Reviewer: please move a section on creation of views to this place. Make sure that when you move it you check if all that is presented there makes sense please.

Author: If we will move that section here then the order can be a mismatch because now we will move our section before `setindex!` operation. So the order will look like this:
- getindex
- views
- setindex!

What we can do either move this section to that place where we have taken an example of view to create a subdataframe or just for that particular example we can provide the reference of `views` section.

Reviewer: As commented above my suggestion is exactly what you have written to have the order:
* `getindex`
* `view`
* `setindex!`

This makes most sense, as `view` and `getindex` are very similar, but just differ in how memory is handled.

> Using `setindex!` on *DataFrame*, *SubDataFrame*, *DataFrameRow* :  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Changing the Data Stored in a Data Frame
```

> The `setindex!` function is a method from Julia Base that is used to customize the indexing behaviour for
> custom types. Overloading this method allows us to customize the indexing behavior for types that we create.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = copy(german_ref)

Reviewer: why `copy` is needed here?

    2 │     1     22  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> We made a smaller *subset* of a `german` data frame to perform our operations. The `1:6` means we have taken
> the first 6 rows whereas `2:4` means we have taken the three columns form 2 to 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We make a subset of a `german` data frame and store it in `df1` data frame to show how to perform mutating operations.
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1 = german[1:6, 2:4]
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   1 │    67  male        2
   2 │    22  female      2
   3 │    49  male        1
   4 │    45  male        2
   5 │    53  male        2
   6 │    35  male        1
```

> In the following example, the operation `df1.Age = val` will be performed if `ncol(df1) == 0 || length(val) == nrow(df1)` 
> will be true. In the given condition, the logical OR operator `||` is used to perform operations on variables and values.
> The given condition will be true if either operands `ncol(df1) == 0` or `length(val) == nrow(df1)` will be true. In the case
> of `ncol(df1) == 0` will be true if both are true. Since, we are calculating number of columns using `ncol` function in our 
> data frame `df1` and the number of columns is not equal to zero so the condition is not satisfied and the result for `ncol(df) == 0`
> will be *false*. Now in the second operands which is `length(val) == nrow(df1)`, in this operand we are calculating the length of
> data frame `val` which is 6, using `length` function and calculating the number of rows present in our data frame `df1` using 
> `nrow` function. So, finally this operand tells us that the current condition is true. Result for frist operand is false and for
> second operand is true. Now, according to logical OR operator the given condition will be true.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example we replace the column `:Age` in our `df1`data frame:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> val = [80, 85, 98, 95, 78, 89]
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 80
 85
 98
 95
 78
 89

> julia> ncol(df1) == 0 || length(val) == nrow(df1)
> true
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

julia> df1.Age = val
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 80
 85
 98
 95
 78
 89

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   1 │    80  male        2
   2 │    85  female      2
   3 │    98  male        1
   4 │    95  male        2
   5 │    78  male        2
   6 │    89  male        1

> julia> df1.Age === val # no copy is performed

Reviewer: please split code block here, as I cannot split it using the GUI I think (or I do not know how 😄).
Then explain here that:
1. this is a non copying operation
2. one can perform it only if `val` vector has the same length as number of rows of `df1` or as a special case if `df1` would not have any columns.

Author: > (or I do not know how 😄).

OK. :)

true

> julia> df1[1:3, :Job] = [2, 3, 2] # set value of `:semester` in row `1:3` to values `[2, 4, 6]` *in-place*

Reviewer: also please split code block here as you are starting a different example. In the comment please explain what in-place means.

3-element Vector{Int64}:
 2
 3
 2

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   1 │    80  male        2
   2 │    85  female      3
   3 │    98  male        2
   4 │    95  male        2
   5 │    78  male        2
   6 │    89  male        1

> julia> df1[!, :Sex] = ["male", "female", "female", "transgender", "female", "male"] # replaces `:Sex` without copying

Reviewer: again split the code block here as you are starting to explain yet another thing and add an explanation please.

6-element Vector{String}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "female"
 "transgender"
 "female"
 "male"

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job
     │ Int64  String       Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────
   1 │    80  male             2
   2 │    85  female           3
   3 │    98  female           2
   4 │    95  transgender      2
   5 │    78  female           2
   6 │    89  male             1

> 

Reviewer: again - split and comment

> julia> df1[3, 1:3] = [78, "male", 4] # set row `3` of cols `1:3(:Age, :Sex, :Job)` in-place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> df1[3, 1:3] = [78, "male", 4] # set row `3` of columns  1, 2, and 3 in-place
```

3-element Vector{Any}:
 78
   "male"
  4

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job
     │ Int64  String       Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────
   1 │    80  male             2
   2 │    85  female           3
   3 │    78  male             4
   4 │    95  transgender      2
   5 │    78  female           2
   6 │    89  male             1
```

> Now, lets talk about *DataFrameRow*: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let us explain how `DataFrameRow` can be used to mutate its parent data frame: 
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> dfr = df1[2, :] # passed `:`(a column) in a parent DataFrame to get the *DataFrameRow*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> dfr = df1[2, :] # passed `:`(a column) in a parent DataFrame to get the DataFrameRow
```

DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   2 │    85  female      3

> 
> julia> dfr
> DataFrameRow
>  Row │ Age    Sex     Job
>      │ Int64  String  Int64
> ─────┼──────────────────────
>    2 │    85  female      3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

julia> dfr.Age = 98 # set value of col `:Age` in row `2` to `98` in-place
98

julia> dfr
DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   2 │    98  female      3

julia> dfr[2:3] = ["male", 2] # set values of entries in columns `:Sex` and `:Job` 
2-element Vector{Any}:
  "male"
 2

julia> dfr
DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   2 │    98  male        2
```

> As mentioned in the title that we will discuss `setindex!` for *DataFrame*, *SubDataFrame*, *DataFrameRow*. So here
> we are talking about *SubDataFrame* and to create a *SubDataFrame* we need of `view` function. To know more about 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DataFrameRow` is a view into a single row of a data frame.
You can also create views into multiple rows of a data frame, which produce `SubDataFrame` objects.
To learn more about 
```

> `view` please have a look to **Views** section of this tutorial. 

Reviewer: please add cross-link

Author: Rather than moving the `views` section, we can add a cross-link or just move `views` section here not to that place where you have mentioned previously.

Reviewer: I prefer to have `view` section after `getindex` and before `setindex!`

> ```jldoctest dataframe

Reviewer: add a comment that this works mostly just as for `DataFrame` objects.

julia> sdf = view(df1, :, 2:3) # Column subsetting
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Sex          Job
     │ String       Int64
─────┼────────────────────
   1 │ male             2
   2 │ male             2
   3 │ male             4
   4 │ transgender      2
   5 │ female           2
   6 │ male             1

julia> sdf[2, :Sex] = "female" # set value of col `:Sex` in second row to `female` in-place
"female"

julia> sdf
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Sex          Job
     │ String       Int64
─────┼────────────────────
   1 │ male             2
   2 │ female           2
   3 │ male             4
   4 │ transgender      2
   5 │ female           2
   6 │ male             1

julia> sdf[6, 1:2] = ["female", 3] # set value of multiple columns
2-element Vector{Any}:
  "female"
 3

julia> sdf
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Sex          Job
     │ String       Int64
─────┼────────────────────
   1 │ male             2
   2 │ female           2
   3 │ male             4
   4 │ transgender      2
   5 │ female           2
   6 │ female           3
```

> In the above examples we have talked about *SubDataFrame*. Now in the given example we set the value 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above examples we have talked about `SubDataFrame`. Now in the given example we set the value 
```

> of 3rd-column which is `:Job` in our data frame `df1` with `[4, 5, 7, 8, 2, 1]`:

Reviewer: I am not sure what new thing you are trying to show here?

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[:, 3] = [4, 5, 7, 8, 2, 1]
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 4
 5
 7
 8
 2
 1

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job
     │ Int64  String       Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────
   1 │    80  male             4
   2 │    98  female           5
   3 │    78  male             7
   4 │    95  transgender      8
   5 │    78  female           2
   6 │    89  female           1
```

> Column `:Age` is replaced freshly allocated vector because of broadcasting assignment:

Reviewer: If you want to introduce broadcasting assignment here I would first say that apart from normal assignment one can do broadcasting assignment and explain the difference in general.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[!, :Age] .= [85, 89, 78, 58, 96, 68] # col `:Age` is replaced freshly allocated vector
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 85
 89
 78
 58
 96
 68

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job
     │ Int64  String       Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────
   1 │    85  male             4
   2 │    89  female           5
   3 │    78  male             7
   4 │    58  transgender      8
   5 │    96  female           2
   6 │    68  female           1
```

Note that if column name `:Customers` and `:City` is not present in `df1` then using `!` and `:` are equivalent. The 
major difference between in-place and replace operations is that replacing columns is needed if new values have a 

> different type than the old ones. For instance here `!` works and `:` fails:

Reviewer: in the example you give both operations work.

Author: Because in explanation I had explained if columns `:Customers` and `:City` are not present already then both will work. Am I correct here?

Reviewer: You write:

>  For instance here `!` works and `:` fails:

I do not see where `:` fails in your example.

Also in line 1117 you now write that column is "allocated in-place", which is an oxymoron (i.e. if we allocate it cannot be in-place). Simply a new column is allocated.

Finally - as we discussed - please do not add comments in the code. Comments should be in markdown. Thank you!

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[!, :Customers] .= ["Rohit", "Akshat", "Rahul", "Aayush", "Prateek", "Anam"] # allocates a new column `:Customers` and adds it
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Rohit"
 "Akshat"
 "Rahul"
 "Aayush"
 "Prateek"
 "Anam"

julia> df1[:, :City] .= ["Kanpur", "Lucknow", "Bhuvneshwar", "Jaipur", "Ranchi", "Dehradoon"] # allocates the column in-place because `:City` is not present in `data`
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Kanpur"
 "Lucknow"
 "Bhuvneshwar"
 "Jaipur"
 "Ranchi"
 "Dehradoon"

julia> df1
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job    Customers  City
     │ Int64  String       Int64  String     String
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │    85  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │    89  female           5  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │    78  male             7  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │    58  transgender      8  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │    96  female           2  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │    68  female           1  Anam       Dehradoon
```

> Assignment of a scalar to a data frame can be done in ranges using broadcasting:

Reviewer: please put all broadcasted assignment examples in one place.

Author: I am discussing everything under the broadcasting section.

Reviewer: I am not sure I follow - can you please point me to the line where you have a header of the broadcasting section as I cannot find it.

Author: I have created in my upcoming changes.

Reviewer: OK - so can you please add comments after you push the changes (as otherwise it is hard to follow). Thank you!

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[:, 3] .= 4 # an in-place replacement of values stored in column number 3 by 4
6-element view(::Vector{Int64}, :) with eltype Int64:
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4

julia> df1
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job    Customers  City
     │ Int64  String       Int64  String     String
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │    85  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │    89  female           4  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │    78  male             4  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │    58  transgender      4  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │    96  female           4  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │    68  female           4  Anam       Dehradoon
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> df1[:, :Age] .= "Economics"

Reviewer: please explain why one works and the other fails

ERROR: MethodError: Cannot `convert` an object of type String to an object of type Int64

julia> df1[!, :Age] .= "Economics"
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"

julia> df1
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ Age        Sex          Job    Customers  City
     │ String     String       Int64  String     String
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │ Economics  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │ Economics  female           4  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │ Economics  male             4  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │ Economics  transgender      4  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │ Economics  female           4  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │ Economics  female           4  Anam       Dehradoon
```

> In mostly cases, above as you can see for getting a column or assigning to a column instead of `df1[!, :col]` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases above, as you can see, for getting a column or assigning to a column instead of `df1[!, :col]` 
```

and `df1[!, :col] = val` it is usually better to just write `df1.col` and `df1.col = val` respectively as 
it is the same and simpler to type and read.

> ## Not, Between, Cols, and All selectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Not, Between, Cols, and All column selectors
```

> Finally, you can use `Not`, `Between`, `Cols`, and `All` selectors in more complex column selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `Not`, `Between`, `Cols`, and `All` selectors in more complex column selection
```

> scenarioes (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while `All()` selects all columns). `All()` allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scenarioes. `All()` allows
```

us to select all columns of `DataFrame` while `Between` selector allow us to specify a range of columns
(we can specify the start and stop column using any of the single column selector syntaxes). On the other
hand, `Not` selector allow us to specify the columns we want to exclude from the resulting data frames. We

> can put any valid other column selector inside `Not`. Finally `Cols()` selector picks a union of other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can put any valid other column selector inside `Not`. Finally `Cols(...)` selector picks a union of other
```

    1 │ male        2  own
    2 │ female      2  own
    3 │ male        1  own
    4 │ male        2  free
    5 │ male        2  free
    6 │ male        1  free
    7 │ male        2  own
    8 │ male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3  own
  995 │ male        2  own
  996 │ female      1  own
  997 │ male        3  own
  998 │ male        2  own
  999 │ male        2  free
 1000 │ male        2  own
               985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Between("Sex", "Job"))] # presents `Age` column as well as `Sex` and `Job`
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex     Job
      │ Int64  String  Int64
──────┼──────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2
    2 │    22  female      2
    3 │    49  male        1
    4 │    45  male        2
    5 │    53  male        2
    6 │    35  male        1
    7 │    53  male        2
    8 │    35  male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3
  995 │    50  male        2
  996 │    31  female      1
  997 │    40  male        3
  998 │    38  male        2
  999 │    23  male        2
 1000 │    27  male        2
             985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))] # Shows all column except `Sex` because of `Not` operation

Reviewer: same here

    2 │    22      1      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │    49      2      1  own      little           NA
    4 │    45      3      2  free     little           little
    5 │    53      4      2  free     little           little                  ⋯
    6 │    35      5      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │    53      6      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │    35      7      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │    30    993      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │    50    994      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │    31    995      1  own      little           NA
  997 │    40    996      3  own      little           little
  998 │    38    997      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │    23    998      2  free     little           little
 1000 │    27    999      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

In the above example `german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))]`, `:Age` column will come first after

> removing `:sex` column. For more understanding if we will follow this example `german[:, Cols("Job", Not("Sex"))]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removing the `:Sex` column. For more understanding if we will follow this example `german[:, Cols("Job", Not("Sex"))]`
```

then `:Job` column will be placed first and then the remaining order will be same after removing `:Sex` column.

You can also use `Regex` to select columns and `Not` for to select rows as in the example below:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[Not(5), r"Sex"]
999×1 DataFrame
 Row │ Sex
     │ String
─────┼────────
   1 │ male
   2 │ female
   3 │ male
   4 │ male
   5 │ male
   6 │ male
   7 │ male
   8 │ male
  ⋮  │   ⋮
 993 │ male
 994 │ male
 995 │ female
 996 │ male
 997 │ male
 998 │ male
 999 │ male
984 rows omitted
```

## Views

> A `view` is a data structure that acts like an array (it is a subtype of AbstractArray), but the underlying data is
> actually part of another array. We can simply create a `view` of a data frame (it is more memory efficient than creating 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can create a `view` of a data frame (it is more memory efficient than creating 
```

      │ Int64  String  Int64  String
──────┼───────────────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2  own
    2 │    22  female      2  own
    3 │    49  male        1  own
    4 │    45  male        2  free
    5 │    53  male        2  free
    6 │    35  male        1  free
    7 │    53  male        2  own
    8 │    35  male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3  own
  995 │    50  male        2  own
  996 │    31  female      1  own
  997 │    40  male        3  own
  998 │    38  male        2  own
  999 │    23  male        2  free
 1000 │    27  male        2  own
                      985 rows omitted

julia> s_german2 = @view german[end:-1:1, [1, 4]] # row and column subsetting
1000×2 SubDataFrame
  Row │ id     Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │   999      2
    2 │   998      2
    3 │   997      2
    4 │   996      3
    5 │   995      1
    6 │   994      2
    7 │   993      3
    8 │   992      1
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │     6      2
  995 │     5      1
  996 │     4      2
  997 │     3      2
  998 │     2      1
  999 │     1      2
 1000 │     0      2
     985 rows omitted
```

> In the above example the number `2` and `5` represents the indices and as we know in Julia indices start from `1`.

Reviewer: I would explain that you used both a function call and a macro.

   1 │    22  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free
```

## Using `combine`, `select`, `select!`, `transform`, and `transform!`

In DataFrames.jl we have five functions that we can use to perform transformations of columns 
of a data frame:
- `combine`: create a new data frame populated with columns that are results of transformation 
  applied to the source data frame columns, potentially combining its rows;
- `select`: create a new data frame that has the same number of rows as the source data frame 
  populated with columns that are results of transformations applied to the source data frame 
  columns; (the exception to the above number of rows invariant is `select(german)` which produces
  an empty data frame);
- `select!`: the same as `select` but updates the passed data frame in place;
- `transform`: the same as `select` but keeps the columns that were already present in the data frame
  (note though that these columns can be potentially modified by the transformation passed to `transform`);
- `transform!`: the same as `transform` but updates the passed data frame in place.

> You can also use the `select` and `select!` functions to select, rename, and transform columns in a data frame.
> The simplest way to specify a transformation is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general way to specify a transformation is:
```

- `source_column => transformation => target_column_name`
  In this scenario the `source_column` is passed as an argument to `transformation` and stored in `target_column_name`

>   column. The valid values of `transformation` argument are `combine`, `select`, `select!`, `transform`, and `transform!`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  column. A `transformation` must be a callable (typically a function)
```

- `source_column => transformation`
  In this scenario we applied the transformation function to our `source_column` and then `target_column_name` will be 
  automatically generated.
- `source_column => target_column_name`

>   we are renaming our `source_column` with `target_column_name`. So, it is a way to rename a column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  we are renaming our `source_column` to `target_column_name`.
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german = copy(german_ref);

julia> using Statistics

julia> select(german, :Age => mean => :mean_age) # our target column was `:Age` to find the mean and then we stored the transformation in `:mean_age` column
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ mean_age
      │ Float64
──────┼──────────
    1 │   35.546
    2 │   35.546
    3 │   35.546
    4 │   35.546
    5 │   35.546
    6 │   35.546
    7 │   35.546
    8 │   35.546
  ⋮   │    ⋮
  994 │   35.546
  995 │   35.546
  996 │   35.546
  997 │   35.546
  998 │   35.546
  999 │   35.546
 1000 │   35.546
 985 rows omitted

julia> combine(german, :Age => mean => :mean_age)
1×1 DataFrame
 Row │ mean_age
     │ Float64
─────┼──────────
   1 │   35.546
```

In the above example you will observe that `select` produces as many rows in the produced data frame as
there are rows in the source data frame, a single value is repeated accordingly. This is not the case for 

> `combine`. However, if other columns in `combine` would produce multiple rows the repitition also happens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`combine`. However, if other columns in `combine` would produce multiple rows the scalar is reused:
```

  998 │ male        2
  999 │ male        2
 1000 │ male        2
      985 rows omitted

julia> select(german, :Sex => :x1, :Age => :x2) # rename columns
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ x1      x2
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male       67
    2 │ female     22
    3 │ male       49
    4 │ male       45
    5 │ male       53
    6 │ male       35
    7 │ male       53
    8 │ male       35
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male       30
  995 │ male       50
  996 │ female     31
  997 │ male       40
  998 │ male       38
  999 │ male       23
 1000 │ male       27
      985 rows omitted

julia> select(german, :Age, :Age => ByRow(sqrt)) # transform columns by row
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Age_sqrt
      │ Int64  Float64
──────┼─────────────────
    1 │    67   8.18535
    2 │    22   4.69042
    3 │    49   7.0
    4 │    45   6.7082
    5 │    53   7.28011
    6 │    35   5.91608
    7 │    53   7.28011
    8 │    35   5.91608
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30   5.47723
  995 │    50   7.07107
  996 │    31   5.56776
  997 │    40   6.32456
  998 │    38   6.16441
  999 │    23   4.79583
 1000 │    27   5.19615
        985 rows omitted
```

> In the above example `ByRow` type is a special type used for selection operations to signal that

Reviewer: you have already used it several examples above. Can you please reorder the content?

    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

`transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that
they retain all columns that are present in the source data frame and another difference is that `transform` and
`transform!` always copy columns when column renaming transformation is passed.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german = copy(german_ref);

> julia> transform(german, :Age => maximum)

Reviewer: the result of this operation is not seen

Author: Resolved now.

    2 │     1  female     22      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male       49      1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male       45      2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male       53      2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5  male       35      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male       53      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male       35      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993  male       30      3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994  male       50      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female     31      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male       40      3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male       38      2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998  male       23      2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male       27      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

> julia> german_copy = german[:, [:Age, :Job]] # getting two columns

Reviewer: why call it `german_copy`?

Author: I had given a new variable name.

# First Steps with DataFrames.jl

> The first and important part to work with DataFrames.jl, is to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If want to use the DataFrames.jl package you need to install it first.
```

You can do it using the following commands:

```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("DataFrames")
```

> or,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or
```

```julia
julia> ] # `]` should be pressed

> (@v1.6) pkg>  add DataFrames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(@v1.6) pkg> add DataFrames
```

```

> If you want to make sure everything works as expected you could run the tests bundled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make sure everything works as expected you can run the tests bundled
```

with DataFrames.jl, but be warned that it will take more than 30 minutes.
```julia

> julia> using DataFrames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> using DataFrames
```

```julia
julia> ]

(@v1.6) pkg> st DataFrames
      Status `C:\Users\TeAmp0is0N\.julia\environments\v1.6\Project.toml`
  [a93c6f00] DataFrames v1.1.1
```

Throughout the rest of the tutorial we will assume that you have installed the DataFrames.jl package and
have already typed `using DataFrames` which loads the package:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames
```

The most fundamental type provided by DataFrames.jl is `DataFrame`, where typically
each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.

# Constructors and Basic Utility Functions

## Constructors

In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the constructor.
First, let's create an empty `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame()
0×0 DataFrame
```

Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```

> note that in column `:fixed` scalars gets automatically broadcasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
note that in column `:fixed` scalar `1` gets automatically broadcasted.
```

To move forward with the tutorial you need to install the CSV.jl package in your environment.
In order to do so run the following commands:
```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("CSV")
```

> Make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 1.0.

Reviewer: TODO: verify the version of CSV.jl before merging this PR.

Now, we will explore how to load a CSV file into a `DataFrame`. Unlike Python's Pandas `read_csv`

> the you need two packages to accomplish this: CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need two packages to accomplish this: CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. As the first
```

step, you have to load the libraries you will use. In our case CSV.jl and DataFrames.jl. In order to
read the file in we will use the `CSV.read` function.
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using CSV

julia> german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                                      "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),
                              DataFrame)
1000×10 DataFrame
  Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking accoun ⋯

>       │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String          ⋯

Reviewer: TODO: check column eltypes after CSV.jl release.

Author: So, it's for me right?

Reviewer: TODO are comments that should not be resolved now. I leave them to make sure that what is left in the comment is verified before merging of the PR as we are not sure how long it will take to merge it.

  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german = copy(german_ref); # It will copy the data frame
```

Now let's talk about the given code block:
```julia
german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                                      "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),
                              DataFrame)
```
- we are storing `german.csv` file in the DataFrames.jl repository to make user's life easier and
  avoid having to download it each time;
- `pathof(DataFrames)` gives us the full path of the file that was used to import the DataFrames.jl package;
- first we split the directory part from it using `dirname`;
- then from this directory we need to move to the directory where `german.csv` is stored; we use
  `joinpath` as this is a recommended way to compose paths to resources stored on disk in an operating
  system independent way  (remember that Widnows and Unix differ as they use either `/` or `\` as path

>   separator - `joinpath` is a function to make sure we are not running into issues with this);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  separator; the `joinpath` function ensures we are not running into issues with this);
```

- then we read the CSV file; the second argument to `CSV.read` is `DataFrame` to indicate that we want to
  read in the file into a `DataFrame` (as `CSV.read` allows for many different target formats of data it
  can read-into).

> You can see that Julia's representation (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see that DataFrames.jl (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,
```

> In our case, it is an `Int64`, and a `String`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case, it is an `Int64`, or `String`.
```

   5 │ Housing                    free              rent                    0  ⋯
   6 │ Saving accounts            NA                rich                    0
   7 │ Checking account           NA                rich                    0
   8 │ Credit amount     3271.26  250       2319.5  18424                   0
   9 │ Duration          20.903   4         18.0    72                      0  ⋯
  10 │ Purpose                    business          vacation/others         0
                                                                1 column omitted
```

To limit the columns shown by `desribe` use `cols` keyword argument:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> describe(german, cols=1:3)
3×7 DataFrame
 Row │ variable  mean    min     median  max   nmissing  eltype
     │ Symbol    Union…  Any     Union…  Any   Int64     DataType
─────┼────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │ id        499.5   0       499.5   999          0  Int64
   2 │ Age       35.546  19      33.0    75           0  Int64
   3 │ Sex               female          male         0  String
```

The default statistics reported are mean, min, median, max, number of missing values, and element type of

> the column. If columns contain `missing` values they are skipped when computing the summary statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the column. `missing` values are skipped when computing the summary statistics.
```

> You can adjust printing options by calling the `show` function manually: `show(german, allrows=true)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust how data frame is displayed by calling the `show` function manually: `show(german, allrows=true)`
```

`DataFrameRow` is a view into a single row of an `AbstractDataFrame`. It stores only a reference to a parent
`DataFrame` and information about which row and columns from the parent are selected.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> first(german)
DataFrameRow
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> last(german)
DataFrameRow
  Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking accoun ⋯
      │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String          ⋯
──────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate        ⋯
                                                               4 columns omitted
```

> ## Taking a subset of `german` data frame
> 
> ### Indexing Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Taking a subset of `german` data frame

## Indexing Syntax
```

                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[[1, 6, 15], :]
3×10 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Saving accounts  Checking account ⋯
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   String           String           ⋯
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own      NA               little           ⋯
   2 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
   3 │    14     28  female      2  rent     little           little
                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex
      │ Int64  String
──────┼───────────────
    1 │    67  male
    2 │    22  female
    3 │    49  male
    4 │    45  male
    5 │    53  male
    6 │    35  male
    7 │    53  male
    8 │    35  male
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30  male
  995 │    50  male
  996 │    31  female
  997 │    40  male
  998 │    38  male
  999 │    23  male
 1000 │    27  male
      985 rows omitted
```

> In this example we have created a `DataFrame` using `:Sex` and `:Age` column for the first five Rows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we have created a `DataFrame` using `:Sex` and `:Age` column for the first five rows:
```

while `german[!, :Sex]` and `german[:, :Sex]` return a vector. In the first case, `[:Sex]` 
is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a data frame. On the other hand,
`:Sex` is a single symbol, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted. Note 
that in the first case a vector is required to be passed (not just any iterable), so e.g. 
`german[:, (:Age, :Sex)]` is not allowed, but `german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]` is valid.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, [:Sex]]
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]
true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

As it was explained above the difference between using `!` and `:`
when passing a row index is that `!` does not perform a copy of columns, while `:` does.
Therefore `german[!, [:Sex]]` data frame stores the same vector as the source `german` data frame,
while `german[:, [:Sex]]` stores its copy. The `!` selector normally should be avoided
as using it can lead to hard to catch bugs. However, when working with very large data frames
it can be useful to save memory and improve performance of operations.
```

## Most elementary get and set operations

Here, "get" means you retrieve a part of the column, and "set" means you put a part of the column in the data frame.

> Given the data frame `german` here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recapping what we have already learned,
given the data frame `german` here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, 1:2]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ id     Age
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │     0     67
    2 │     1     22
    3 │     2     49
    4 │     3     45
    5 │     4     53
    6 │     5     35
    7 │     6     53
    8 │     7     35
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │   993     30
  995 │   994     50
  996 │   995     31
  997 │   996     40
  998 │   997     38
  999 │   998     23
 1000 │   999     27
     985 rows omitted

julia> german[:, [3]] # here we have created a single column data frame
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted
```

Compare this with accessing the vector contained in column `3`:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, 3]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

> We can get a single cell or element with the same syntax to get an element of an array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can get a single cell of a data frame with the same syntax to get a cell of a matrix:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4, 4]
2
```

> or to get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns do:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4:5, 4:5]
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String
─────┼────────────────
   1 │     2  free
   2 │     2  free
```

> Assignment of a scalar to a data frame can be done in ranges using broadcasting:

Reviewer: this should be moved somewhere else - it seems out of place here.

    2 │     1      4  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2      4  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3      4  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4      4  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5      4  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6      4  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7      4  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993      4  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994      4  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995      4  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996      4  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997      4  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998      4  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999      4  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> Using `setindex!` on *DataFrame* :  

Reviewer: Can you add some more explanation here?

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> data = DataFrame(marks = repeat(70:72, inner = 2),

Reviewer: I think we should stick to `german` data frame in all examples. What is the benefit of introducing a new object?

Author: The main reason behind the introduction of a new object is that `german` data frame has around 1000 rows and 10 columns so it's been hard to explain some examples because it omits the output after compiling and then because of it we lost the purpose of those concepts. So, it's better to use a new object to explain those concepts and in the end, our main purpose is to explain to users that how we should use these functions in our work. So, it completes our purpose. And it's our introductory tutorial and later in the `gallery` examples, we can make a complete tutorial to do the analysis on some data frames.

Reviewer: Why not make a smaller subset of a `german` data frame and work on it then? (this was one of the objectives of the creation of the tutorial as we discussed when we started the project - using one data set consistently in the tutorial was requested by the users, as in current documentation we create ad-hoc data frames and users were confused by switching of the context)

If you strictly prefer to stick to the other data frame example please add some explanation why we do it in the material (and that it is a temporary thing; still - I would prefer to stick to a single data set example if possible)

                         subject = repeat(["English", "Computer Science", "Mathematics"], outer = 2),
                         semester = 1:6)
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   1 │    70  English                  1
   2 │    70  Computer Science         2
   3 │    71  Mathematics              3
   4 │    71  English                  4
   5 │    72  Computer Science         5
   6 │    72  Mathematics              6
```

In the following example, the operation `data.marks = x` will be performed if 

> `ncol(data) == 0 || length(x) == nrow(data)` will be true. 

Reviewer: explain what this condition means using words

julia> data[1:3, :semester] = [2, 4, 6] # set value of `:semester` in row `1:3` to values `[2, 4, 6]` *in-place*
3-element Vector{Int64}:
 2
 4
 6

julia> data
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   1 │    80  English                  2
   2 │    85  Computer Science         4
   3 │    98  Mathematics              6
   4 │    95  English                  4
   5 │    78  Computer Science         5
   6 │    89  Mathematics              6

julia> data[!, :subject] = ["English", "Computer Science", "Mathematics", "History", "Economics", "Psychology"] # replaces `:subject` without copying
6-element Vector{String}:
 "English"
 "Computer Science"
 "Mathematics"
 "History"
 "Economics"
 "Psychology"

julia> data
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   1 │    80  English                  2
   2 │    85  Computer Science         4
   3 │    98  Mathematics              6
   4 │    95  History                  4
   5 │    78  Economics                5
   6 │    89  Psychology               6

> julia> data[3, 1:3] = [78, "Economics", 7] # set row `3` of cols `1:3(:marks, :subject, :semester)` in-place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> data[3, 1:3] = [78, "Economics", 7] # set row `3` and cols `1:3` (`:marks`, `:subject`, `:semester`) in-place
```

3-element Vector{Any}:
 78
   "Economics"
  7

julia> data
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   1 │    80  English                  2
   2 │    85  Computer Science         4
   3 │    78  Economics                7
   4 │    95  History                  4
   5 │    78  Economics                5
   6 │    89  Psychology               6

> julia> dfr = data[2, :] # passed `:`(a column) in a parent DataFrame to get the *DataFrameRow*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> dfr = data[2, :] # single row is selected to get the *DataFrameRow*
```

DataFrameRow
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   2 │    85  Computer Science         4

> 
> julia> dfr
> DataFrameRow
>  Row │ marks  subject           semester
>      │ Int64  String            Int64
> ─────┼───────────────────────────────────
>    2 │    85  Computer Science         4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

julia> dfr.marks = 98 # set value of col `:marks` in row `2` to `98` in-place
98

julia> dfr
DataFrameRow
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   2 │    98  Computer Science         4

julia> dfr[2:3] = ["Mathematics", 5] # set values of entries in columns `:subject` and `:semester` 
2-element Vector{Any}:
  "Mathematics"
 5

julia> dfr
DataFrameRow
 Row │ marks  subject      semester
     │ Int64  String       Int64
─────┼──────────────────────────────
   2 │    98  Mathematics         5

> julia> sdf = view(data, :, 2:3) # Column subsetting

Reviewer: you should explain views before making this example

Author: Yeah, here I have taken views because I was discussing `setindex!` and I wanted to talk about SubDataFrame as well. I needed view to create a SubDataFrame. But I will describe why we have used it and what it is.

Reviewer: yes - you might then add a reference that the details about views are discussed later in "such and such" section.

6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ subject      semester
     │ String       Int64
─────┼───────────────────────
   1 │ English             2
   2 │ Mathematics         5
   3 │ Economics           7
   4 │ History             4
   5 │ Economics           5
   6 │ Psychology          6

julia> sdf[2, :subject] = "Computer Science" # set value of col `:subject` in second row to `Computer Science` in-place
"Computer Science"

julia> sdf
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ subject           semester
     │ String            Int64
─────┼────────────────────────────
   1 │ English                  2
   2 │ Computer Science         5
   3 │ Economics                7
   4 │ History                  4
   5 │ Economics                5
   6 │ Psychology               6

julia> sdf[6, 1:2] = ["Biology", 7] # set value of multiple columns
2-element Vector{Any}:
  "Biology"
 7

julia> sdf
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ subject           semester
     │ String            Int64
─────┼────────────────────────────
   1 │ English                  2
   2 │ Computer Science         5
   3 │ Economics                7
   4 │ History                  4
   5 │ Economics                5
   6 │ Biology                  7

> julia> data[:, 3] = [4, 5, 7, 8, 2, 1]

Reviewer: add some comment again, as you are changing subject

6-element Vector{Int64}:
 4
 5
 7
 8
 2
 1

julia> data
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   1 │    80  English                  4
   2 │    98  Computer Science         5
   3 │    78  Economics                7
   4 │    95  History                  8
   5 │    78  Economics                2
   6 │    89  Biology                  1

> julia> data[!, :marks] .= [85, 89, 78, 58, 96, 68] # col `:marks` is replaced freshly allocated vector

Reviewer: explain why

6-element Vector{Int64}:
 85
 89
 78
 58
 96
 68

julia> data
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ marks  subject           semester
     │ Int64  String            Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
   1 │    85  English                  4
   2 │    89  Computer Science         5
   3 │    78  Economics                7
   4 │    58  History                  8
   5 │    96  Economics                2
   6 │    68  Biology                  1

julia> data[!, :Students] .= ["Rohit", "Akshat", "Rahul", "Aayush", "Prateek", "Anam"] # allocates a new column `:Students` and adds it
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Rohit"
 "Akshat"
 "Rahul"
 "Aayush"
 "Prateek"
 "Anam"

> julia> data[:, :City] .= ["Kanpur", "Lucknow", "Bhuvneshwar", "Jaipur", "Ranchi", "Dehradoon"] # allocates the column in-place because `:City` is not present in `data`

Reviewer: allocation cannot happen in-place. Here `:` and `!` do the same. They would do a different thing for an existing column.

Author: Yeah, I have written a note on it after this example.

   2 │    89  Computer Science         5  Akshat    Lucknow
   3 │    78  Economics                7  Rahul     Bhuvneshwar
   4 │    58  History                  8  Aayush    Jaipur
   5 │    96  Economics                2  Prateek   Ranchi
   6 │    68  Biology                  1  Anam      Dehradoon

julia> data[:, :marks] .= "Economics"
ERROR: MethodError: Cannot `convert` an object of type String to an object of type Int64

julia> data[!, :marks] .= "Economics"
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"

julia> data
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ marks      subject           semester  Students  City
     │ String     String            Int64     String    String
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │ Economics  English                  4  Rohit     Kanpur
   2 │ Economics  Computer Science         5  Akshat    Lucknow
   3 │ Economics  Economics                7  Rahul     Bhuvneshwar
   4 │ Economics  History                  8  Aayush    Jaipur
   5 │ Economics  Economics                2  Prateek   Ranchi
   6 │ Economics  Biology                  1  Anam      Dehradoon
```

> In mostly cases, above as you can see for getting a column or assigning to a column instead of `data[!, :col]` 
> and `data[!, :col] = val` it is usually better to just write `data.col` and `data.col = val` respectively as 
> it is the same and simpler to type and read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, instead of writing `data[!, :col]` 
or `data[!, :col] = val` it is usually simpler to just write `data.col` and `data.col = val` respectively as 
it has the same effect and it is easier to type and read.
```

> ## Not, Between, Cols, and All selectors

Reviewer: why do you cover these selectors after `setindex!`. It seems that the content is not in a correct order, but maybe there is a reason for this?

Author: Again, our purpose is to explain every function and how to perform operations using those functions. So, according to me this order and place were fine.

Reviewer: > Again, our purpose is to explain every function and how to perform operations using those functions

Agreed

> So, according to me this order and place were fine.

I am not sure I follow. Your current order is:
* `getindex`
* `setindex!`
* back to `getindex`

Why not explain `getindex` first for all cases and then switch to `setindex!`.

Author: As I have already discussed `getindex` and `setindex!`. So now it will give a clear insight to the users that what are these and then if for any other operations like, *selectors* I use it then I guess user won't be confused because I have already told them that what are these. So according to my opinion, it is fine. Thank you!

    6 │    35      5      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │    53      6      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │    35      7      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │    30    993      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │    50    994      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │    31    995      1  own      little           NA
  997 │    40    996      3  own      little           little
  998 │    38    997      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │    23    998      2  free     little           little
 1000 │    27    999      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

In the above example `german[:, Cols("Age", Not("Sex"))]`, `:Age` column will come first after
removing `:sex` column. For more understanding if we will follow this example `german[:, Cols("Job", Not("Sex"))]`
then `:Job` column will be placed first and then the remaining order will be same after removing `:Sex` column.

> You can also use `Regex` to select columns and `Not` for Rows from [InvertedIndices.jl](https://github.com/mbauman/InvertedIndices.jl):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `Regex` to select columns and `Not` for to select rows as in the example below:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[Not(5), r"Sex"]
999×1 DataFrame
 Row │ Sex
     │ String
─────┼────────
   1 │ male
   2 │ female
   3 │ male
   4 │ male
   5 │ male
   6 │ male
   7 │ male
   8 │ male
  ⋮  │   ⋮
 993 │ male
 994 │ male
 995 │ female
 996 │ male
 997 │ male
 998 │ male
 999 │ male
984 rows omitted
```

> In the expression `german[!, Not(:Age)]` the `!` indicates that underlying columns are not copied:

Reviewer: you have already explained it 2 or 3 times. Why repeating it again?

    1 │     0     67      2  own      NA               little                  ⋯
    2 │     1     22      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2     49      1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45      2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53      2  free     little           little                  ⋯
    6 │     5     35      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮                ⋱
  994 │   993     30      3  own      little           little                  ⋯
  995 │   994     50      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40      3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38      2  own      little           NA                      ⋯
  999 │   998     23      2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> In the given code of block `:` means that the columns will get copied:

Reviewer: same question as above - why do you return to the same topic again?

Author: As I was discussing selectors. So I found it convenient to discuss `:` and `!`.

Reviewer: My question is why do you think it is useful to repeat virtually the same content several times in the manual. If you feel we should discuss it here maybe we should not discuss it in the other place but wait till we get here and discuss it?

    1 │     0  male        2  own      NA               little                 ⋯
    2 │     1  female      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │     2  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4  male        2  free     little           little                 ⋯
    6 │     5  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> ## Views

Reviewer: you have already introduced views above - consider reordering the content.

Author: I had taken views because I was discussing `setindex!` and I wanted to talk about SubDataFrame as well. I needed view to create a SubDataFrame. But I will describe why we have used it and what it is.

1000×2 SubDataFrame
  Row │ id     Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │   999      2
    2 │   998      2
    3 │   997      2
    4 │   996      3
    5 │   995      1
    6 │   994      2
    7 │   993      3
    8 │   992      1
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │     6      2
  995 │     5      1
  996 │     4      2
  997 │     3      2
  998 │     2      1
  999 │     1      2
 1000 │     0      2
     985 rows omitted
```
In the above example the number `2` and `5` represents the indices and as we know in Julia indices start from `1`.
So, from `2:5` it will access the column from `:Age` to `:Housing`.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> @view german[1:5, 1] # view the element type in vector form
5-element view(::Vector{Int64}, 1:5) with eltype Int64:
 0
 1
 2
 3
 4

julia> @view german[2, 2] # view of the number at 2nd row and 2nd column
0-dimensional view(::Vector{Int64}, 2) with eltype Int64:
22

julia> @view german[3, 2:5] # a DataFrameRow, the same as for german[3, 2:5] without a view
DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   3 │    49  male        1  own
```

```julia

> julia> @time @view german[2:5, 2:5] # here you can see creation of view is very fast

Reviewer: maybe compare it to `@time german[2:5, 2:5]`?

Author: Here if I am running same block again and again then it's showing different:
```
julia> @time german[2:5, 2:5]
  0.000028 seconds (21 allocations: 1.531 KiB)
4×4 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   1 │    22  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free

julia> @time german[2:5, 2:5]
  0.000036 seconds (21 allocations: 1.531 KiB)
4×4 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   1 │    22  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free
```

Reviewer: I do not understand the comment. I recommend to add the result of `@time german[2:5, 2:5]` to the result.

Actually looking at the timings probably it is better to add the following code:

```
@time german[:, :];
@time @view german[:, :];
```

as then the timings will be more meaningful

Author: I have followed this `@time german[2:5, 2:5]` convention.

  0.000081 seconds (2 allocations: 112 bytes)
4×4 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   1 │    22  female      2  own
   2 │    49  male        1  own
   3 │    45  male        2  free
   4 │    53  male        2  free
```

## Using `combine`, `select`, `select!`, `transform`, and `transform!`

In DataFrames.jl we have five functions that we can use to perform transformations of columns 
of a data frame:
- `combine`: create a new data frame populated with columns that are results of transformation 

>   applied to the source data frame columns;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  applied to the source data frame columns, potentially combining its rows;
```

- `select`: create a new data frame that has the same number of rows as the source data frame 
  populated with columns that are results of transformations applied to the source data frame 
  columns; (the exception to the above number of rows invariant is `select(german)` which produces
  an empty data frame);
- `select!`: the same as `select` but updates the passed data frame in place;
- `transform`: the same as `select` but keeps the columns that were already present in the data frame
  (note though that these columns can be potentially modified by the transformation passed to `transform`);
- `transform!`: the same as `transform` but updates the passed data frame in place.

You can also use the `select` and `select!` functions to select, rename, and transform columns in a data frame.
The simplest way to specify a transformation is:

> - `source_column => transformation => target_column_name`

Reviewer: how does this look after rendering? maybe give also some concrete examples and explain that e.g. `transformation` is a function

Author: I did not get this, sorry.

Reviewer: > how does this look after rendering?

I am asking how does this part of documentation look after generation of HTML files. I feel that it will be incorrectly formatted.

> maybe give also some concrete examples and explain that e.g. `transformation` is a function

In your description now it is not clear what are valid values of `tranfromation` argument.

Author: > In your description now it is not clear what are valid values of the `transformation` argument.
Yeah, I have fixed it but I am not able to verify after rendering because I am building the docs but because of some previous cache it's still showing previous errors. I tried to clear those errors but again same things are happening.

  In this scenario the `source_column` is passed as an argument to `transformation` and stored in `target_column_name`
  column.
- `source_column => transformation`
  In this scenario `target_column_name` will be automatically generated.
- `source_column => target_column_name`
  a way to rename a column.

> 

Reviewer: maybe add some sentence signaling what will follow?

Reviewer: I do not see the sentence still.

1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │    67      2
    2 │    22      2
    3 │    49      1
    4 │    45      2
    5 │    53      2
    6 │    35      1
    7 │    53      2
    8 │    35      3
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30      3
  995 │    50      2
  996 │    31      1
  997 │    40      3
  998 │    38      2
  999 │    23      2
 1000 │    27      2
     985 rows omitted

julia> transform(german_copy, [:Age, :Job] => (+) => :res) # put the result of `:Age` and `:Job` column after addition in `:res` column
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Job    res
      │ Int64  Int64  Int64
──────┼─────────────────────
    1 │    67      2     69
    2 │    22      2     24
    3 │    49      1     50
    4 │    45      2     47
    5 │    53      2     55
    6 │    35      1     36
    7 │    53      2     55
    8 │    35      3     38
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30      3     33
  995 │    50      2     52
  996 │    31      1     32
  997 │    40      3     43
  998 │    38      2     40
  999 │    23      2     25
 1000 │    27      2     29
            985 rows omitted

> julia> transform(groupby(german, :Sex),

Reviewer: this example seems completely out of place here

Author: I was discussing `transform` operations so I thought to introduce an example on GroupedDataFrame but in my PR #2803 I have covered everything about *GroupedDataFrame*.

Reviewer: PRs must be stand-alone as we have discussed. I would remove this example then, and add what needs to be added in #2803 later. The reason is that at this point the user does not even know what `groupby` does.

have already typed `using DataFrames` which loads the package:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using DataFrames
```

The most fundamental type provided by DataFrames.jl is `DataFrame`, where typically
each row is interpreted as an observation and each column as a feature.

# Constructors and Basic Utility Functions

## Constructors

In this section you will see many ways to create a `DataFrame` using the constructor.
First, let's create an empty `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> DataFrame()
0×0 DataFrame
```

Or, we could call the constructor using keyword arguments to add columns to the `DataFrame`:
```jldoctest dataframe
julia> DataFrame(A=1:3, B=5:7, fixed=1)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ A      B      fixed
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      5      1
   2 │     2      6      1
   3 │     3      7      1
```
note that in column `:fixed` scalar `1` gets automatically broadcasted.

To move forward with the tutorial you need to install the CSV.jl package in your environment.
In order to do so run the following commands:
```julia
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add("CSV")
```
Make sure you have CSV.jl in a version that is at least 1.0.

> Before moving forward, we would like to discuss `Cropping` which you will found in many examples
> that some of the outputs are cropped. The keyword `crop` can be used to define how the output will
> be cropped if the display has limits. The default behavious depends on the property `:limit` of the 
> `io`. If `io` has `:limit => true`, the default value of `crop` is `:both`. Otherwise, if `:limit => false`
> or it is not defined at all, then `crop` defaults to `:none`. To know more about cropping use this 
> [link](https://ronisbr.github.io/PrettyTables.jl/stable/man/text_backend/#Cropping).
> 

Reviewer: This is not a good place to discuss it.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I have just checked that you discuss cropping below. Why do it twice?

    3 │     2     49  male        1  own      little           NA
    4 │     3     45  male        2  free     little           little
    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> german = copy(german_ref); # It will copy the data frame
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, due to display limits we see only several first and last rows of the data frame. Similarly not all columns of the data frame are printed. This behavior is called cropping. You can force displaying all columns by passing `allcols=true` keyword argument to `show`, e.g. `show(german, allcols=true)`. Similarly to show all rows execute `show(german, allrows=true)`. We omit showing these examples as they would produce too much output.

```

german_ref = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
                               "..", "docs", "src", "assets", "german.csv"),
                      DataFrame)
```
- we are storing `german.csv` file in the DataFrames.jl repository to make user's life easier and
  avoid having to download it each time;
- `pathof(DataFrames)` gives us the full path of the file that was used to import the DataFrames.jl package;
- first we split the directory part from it using `dirname`;
- then from this directory we need to move to the directory where `german.csv` is stored; we use
  `joinpath` as this is a recommended way to compose paths to resources stored on disk in an operating
  system independent way (remember that Widnows and Unix differ as they use either `/` or `\` as path
  separator; the `joinpath` function ensures we are not running into issues with this);
- then we read the CSV file; the second argument to `CSV.read` is `DataFrame` to indicate that we want to
  read in the file into a `DataFrame` (as `CSV.read` allows for many different target formats of data it
  can read-into).

You can see that DataFrames.jl (unlike Python's Pandas) displays the data type of the column,

> In our case, it is an `Int64`, or `String`.

Reviewer: this section was about constructors. I can see that you have shown only a kwarg constructor. Why?

Author: Working on adding more. I thought it will be enough but I was wrong. :(

Reviewer: If you think it is enough then I am OK, but just mention there are other constructors and then probably make a separate section about reading in files to a `DataFrame`, as now you have squeezed it into a section on constructors.

> To access the columns directly (i.e. without copying) you can use `german.Sex`, `german."Sex"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## First steps of working with a data frame

To access the columns directly (i.e. without copying) you can use `german.Sex`, `german."Sex"`,
```

`german[!, :Sex]` or `german[!, "Sex"]`. The two latter syntaxes are more flexible as they allow
us passing a variable holding the name of the column, and not only a literal name.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

Since `german[!, :Sex]` does not make a copy, changing the elements of the column vector returned by this
syntax will affect the values stored in the original `german` data frame. To get a **copy** of the column you can use
`german[:, :Sex]`: changing the vector returned by this syntax does not affect the `german` data frame.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Sex
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

> The `===` function confirms that both expressions produce the same object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `===` function allows us to check if both expressions produce the same object:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Sex === german[!, :Sex]  
true

julia> german.Sex === german[:, :Sex]
false
```

You can obtain the column names of the data frame as `String`s using the `names` function:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german)
10-element Vector{String}:
 "id"
 "Age"
 "Sex"
 "Job"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Credit amount"
 "Duration"
 "Purpose"
```

You can also get column names with a given `eltype` (element type):

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> names(german, String)
5-element Vector{String}:
 "Sex"
 "Housing"
 "Saving accounts"
 "Checking account"
 "Purpose"
```

To get column names as `Symbol`s use the `propertynames` function:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> propertynames(german)
10-element Vector{Symbol}:
 :id
 :Age
 :Sex
 :Job
 :Housing
 Symbol("Saving accounts")
 Symbol("Checking account")
 Symbol("Credit amount")
 :Duration
 :Purpose
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that in DataFrames.jl you can refer to columns using their names passed as `Symbol`s or strings. Both options will work.

```

  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little                     3959        36  furniture/equipment
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA                         2390        12  car
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA                         1736        12  furniture/equipment
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little                     3857        30  car
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA                          804        12  radio/TV
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little                     1845        45  radio/TV
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate                   4576        45  car
                                                                                                              985 rows omitted
```

You can also compute descriptive statistics directly on individual columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> using Statistics

julia> mean(german.Age)
35.546
```

> the `mapcols` function returns a `DataFrame` where each column of the source data frame is transformed using a passed function. Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`. If the transformation returns its argument then it gets copied before being stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mapcols` function returns a `DataFrame` where each column of the source data frame is transformed using a passed function. Note that `mapcols` guarantees not to reuse the columns from `german` in the returned `DataFrame`. If the transformation returns its argument then it gets copied before being stored.
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> mapcols(id -> id .^2, german)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> mapcols(id -> id .^ 2, german)
```

                                                               3 columns omitted

julia> german[:, [:Age, :Sex]]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex
      │ Int64  String
──────┼───────────────
    1 │    67  male
    2 │    22  female
    3 │    49  male
    4 │    45  male
    5 │    53  male
    6 │    35  male
    7 │    53  male
    8 │    35  male
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30  male
  995 │    50  male
  996 │    31  female
  997 │    40  male
  998 │    38  male
  999 │    23  male
 1000 │    27  male
      985 rows omitted
```

In the example below we created a `DataFrame` having `:Sex` and `:Age` columns
and the first five rows of the `german` data set:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[1:5, [:Sex, :Age]]
5×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Sex     Age
     │ String  Int64
─────┼───────────────
   1 │ male       67
   2 │ female     22
   3 │ male       49
   4 │ male       45
   5 │ male       53
```

Pay attention that `german[!, [:Sex]]` and `german[:, [:Sex]]` return a data frame object,
while `german[!, :Sex]` and `german[:, :Sex]` return a vector. In the first case, `[:Sex]` 
is a vector, indicating that the resulting object should be a data frame. On the other hand,

> `:Sex` is a single symbol, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted. Note 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`:Sex` is a single `Symbol`, indicating that a single column vector should be extracted. Note 
```

1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

julia> german[!, [:Sex]] == german[:, [:Sex]]
true

julia> german[!, :Sex]
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

julia> german[!, :Sex] == german[:, :Sex]
true
```

As it was explained above the difference between using `!` and `:`
when passing a row index is that `!` does not perform a copy of columns, while `:` does.
Therefore `german[!, [:Sex]]` data frame stores the same vector as the source `german` data frame,
while `german[:, [:Sex]]` stores its copy. The `!` selector normally should be avoided
as using it can lead to hard to catch bugs. However, when working with very large data frames
it can be useful to save memory and improve performance of operations.

Recapping what we have already learned,

> given the data frame `german` here are various ways to grab one of its columns as vector:

Reviewer: better remove printing of the output but instead list the options, e.g. bulleted explaining what each of them does (now you do not list all options).

Author: Sorry, I did not get this completely. Can you provide me working example, please?

Reviewer: I suggested not a working example but a list. The list would be:

To get the column `:Age` from the `german` data frame you can do the following:
* to copy the vector: `german[:, :Age]`, `german[:, "Age"]` or `german[:, 2]`;
* to get a vector without copying: `german.Age`, `german."Age"`, `german[:, :Age]`, `german[:, "Age"]` or `german[:, 2]`.

    5 │     4     53  male        2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │     5     35  male        1  free     NA               NA
    7 │     6     53  male        2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │     7     35  male        3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993     30  male        3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994     50  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995     31  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996     40  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997     38  male        2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998     23  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999     27  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

We will get the vector stored in our DataFrame without copying it:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german.Age 
1000-element Vector{Int64}:
 67
 22
 49
 45
 53
 35
 53
 35
 61
 28
  ⋮
 34
 23
 30
 50
 31
 40
 38
 23
 27
```

> We will get the vector stored in our data frame without copying it using String:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will get the vector stored in our data frame without copying it using a string:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german."Sex" 
1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"

> julia> german[:, 3] # note that this creates a copy

Reviewer: `3` is not a string and the caption above signaled that you want to show string selection.

1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

To get two columns as a `DataFrame`, we can index as follows:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, 1:2]
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ id     Age
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │     0     67
    2 │     1     22
    3 │     2     49
    4 │     3     45
    5 │     4     53
    6 │     5     35
    7 │     6     53
    8 │     7     35
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │   993     30
  995 │   994     50
  996 │   995     31
  997 │   996     40
  998 │   997     38
  999 │   998     23
 1000 │   999     27
     985 rows omitted

> julia> german[:, [3]] # here we have created a single column data frame

Reviewer: please do not use code comments to write explanations - transform it into markdown.

1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted
```

Compare this with accessing the vector contained in column `3`:

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german[:, 3]

Reviewer: you gave exactly the same example several lines above. Why repeat ti?

1000-element PooledArrays.PooledVector{String, UInt32, Vector{UInt32}}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 ⋮
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "female"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
 "male"
```

We can get a single cell of a data frame with the same syntax to get a cell of a matrix:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4, 4]
2
```

> To get a new `DataFrame` that is subset of rows and columns do e.g.:

Reviewer: again - several lines above you gave a very similar example `german[1:5, [:Sex, :Age]]`. What is the logic of order of examples here?

Author: In that example, I was using Column names `:Sex` and `:Age`, and I thought I should give an example that how to access columns using an index.

Reviewer: And this is a good idea, but if you want to compare two things they should be put closer together and an appropriate comment explaining the difference.

Author: Now i have added a comment.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[4:5, 4:5]
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String
─────┼────────────────
   1 │     2  free
   2 │     2  free
```

## Views

We can create a `view` of a data frame (it is more memory efficient than creating 
a materialized selection). Here are the possible return value options.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = copy(german_ref);

Reviewer: why copy?

> julia> s_german1 = view(german, :, 2:5) # column subsetting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> view(german, :, 2:5) # column subsetting
```

1000×4 SubDataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
      │ Int64  String  Int64  String
──────┼───────────────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2  own
    2 │    22  female      2  own
    3 │    49  male        1  own
    4 │    45  male        2  free
    5 │    53  male        2  free
    6 │    35  male        1  free
    7 │    53  male        2  own
    8 │    35  male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3  own
  995 │    50  male        2  own
  996 │    31  female      1  own
  997 │    40  male        3  own
  998 │    38  male        2  own
  999 │    23  male        2  free
 1000 │    27  male        2  own
                      985 rows omitted
```

> In this example we used both a function call and a macro:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also use a `@view` macro:
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> s_german2 = @view german[end:-1:1, [1, 4]] # row and column subsetting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> @view german[end:-1:1, [1, 4]] # row and column subsetting
```

1000×2 SubDataFrame
  Row │ id     Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │   999      2
    2 │   998      2
    3 │   997      2
    4 │   996      3
    5 │   995      1
    6 │   994      2
    7 │   993      3
    8 │   992      1
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │     6      2
  995 │     5      1
  996 │     4      2
  997 │     3      2
  998 │     2      1
  999 │     1      2
 1000 │     0      2
     985 rows omitted
```

> We will view the element type in vector form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly we can get a view of one column:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> @view german[1:5, 1]
5-element view(::Vector{Int64}, 1:5) with eltype Int64:
 0
 1
 2
 3
 4

> julia> @view german[2, 2] # view of the number at 2nd row and 2nd column

Reviewer: separate code block needed

0-dimensional view(::Vector{Int64}, 2) with eltype Int64:
22

> julia> @view german[3, 2:5] # a DataFrameRow, the same as for german[3, 2:5] without a view

Reviewer: separate code block needed

DataFrameRow
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼───────────────────────────────
   3 │    49  male        1  own
```

```julia

> julia> @time german[2:5, 2:5]

Reviewer: what is the purpose of this code block?

Author: To show how much memory and time does it take. Previously you had suggested me this.

Reviewer: But there is no comment for this code block explaining this.

Reviewer: I did not suggest doing this. I suggested:

> comparing timing of `getindex` vs `view` on a large table

Now you are showing `@time` only for `getindex`, and not for `view` and on a small table, where timings are super small and not meaningfull.

Also there is no comment about what the reader can learn from this comparison.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1 = german[1:6, 2:4]
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   1 │    67  male        2
   2 │    22  female      2
   3 │    49  male        1
   4 │    45  male        2
   5 │    53  male        2
   6 │    35  male        1
```

In the following example we replace the column `:Age` in our `df1` data frame:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> val = [80, 85, 98, 95, 78, 89]
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 80
 85
 98
 95
 78
 89

julia> df1.Age = val
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 80
 85
 98
 95
 78
 89

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   1 │    80  male        2
   2 │    85  female      2
   3 │    98  male        1
   4 │    95  male        2
   5 │    78  male        2
   6 │    89  male        1
```

This is a non-copying operation. One can perform it only if `val` vector has the same length as number
of rows of `df1` or as a special case if `df1` would not have any columns. 

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1.Age === val # no copy is performed
true
```

> Set values of column `:Job` in row `1:3` to values `[2, 4, 6]` *in-place* means write to an existing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting values of column `:Job` in rows `1:3` to values `[2, 4, 6]` *in-place* means write to an existing 
```

column in a data frame.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[1:3, :Job] = [2, 3, 2] # set value of `:Job` in row `1:3` to values `[2, 4, 6]` *in-place*
3-element Vector{Int64}:
 2
 3
 2

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex     Job
     │ Int64  String  Int64
─────┼──────────────────────
   1 │    80  male        2
   2 │    85  female      3
   3 │    98  male        2
   4 │    95  male        2
   5 │    78  male        2
   6 │    89  male        1
```

> We are replacing column `:Sex` with `["male", "female", "female", "transgender", "female", "male"]` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In what follows by using `!` as row selector
we are replacing column `:Sex` with `["male", "female", "female", "transgender", "female", "male"]` 
```

> without copying (with the exception that if it is an `AbstractRange` it gets converted to a Vector) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without copying (with the exception that if it is an `AbstractRange` it gets converted to a `Vector`) 
```

and the syntax is like `df[!, col] = val` where `col` in any column name from our parent data frame.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[!, :Sex] = ["male", "female", "female", "transgender", "female", "male"]
6-element Vector{String}:
 "male"
 "female"
 "female"
 "transgender"
 "female"
 "male"

julia> df1
6×3 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job
     │ Int64  String       Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────
   1 │    80  male             2
   2 │    85  female           3
   3 │    98  female           2
   4 │    95  transgender      2
   5 │    78  female           2
   6 │    89  male             1
```

> set row 3 of columns `:Age`, `:Sex`, and `:Job` in-place:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set row 3 of columns `1:3` in-place write:
```

To learn more about `view` please have a look to [Views](@ref) section of this tutorial. 

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> sdf = view(df1, :, 2:3) # Column subsetting
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Sex          Job
     │ String       Int64
─────┼────────────────────
   1 │ male             2
   2 │ male             2
   3 │ male             4
   4 │ transgender      2
   5 │ female           2
   6 │ male             1

julia> sdf[2, :Sex] = "female" # set value of col `:Sex` in second row to `female` in-place
"female"

julia> sdf
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Sex          Job
     │ String       Int64
─────┼────────────────────
   1 │ male             2
   2 │ female           2
   3 │ male             4
   4 │ transgender      2
   5 │ female           2
   6 │ male             1
```

Set value of multiple columns:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> sdf[6, 1:2] = ["female", 3]
2-element Vector{Any}:
  "female"
 3

julia> sdf
6×2 SubDataFrame
 Row │ Sex          Job
     │ String       Int64
─────┼────────────────────
   1 │ male             2
   2 │ female           2
   3 │ male             4
   4 │ transgender      2
   5 │ female           2
   6 │ female           3
```

> In the above examples we have talked about `SubDataFrame`. In the given example,

Reviewer: I do not understand the logic of this last example. Why it is here?

Author: Actually, one case had left so i thought i will include it here but now I have corrected it.

   4 │    95  transgender      8
   5 │    78  female           2
   6 │    89  female           1
```

## Broadcasting

Apart from normal assignment one can do broadcasting assignment. The following broadcasting rules 
apply to `AbstractDataFrame` objects:

- `AbstractDataFrame` behaves in broadcasting like a two-dimensional collection compatible with matrices.
- If an `AbstractDataFrame` takes part in broadcasting then a `DataFrame` is always produced as a result. 
  In this case the requested broadcasting operation produces an object with exactly two dimensions. An 
  exception is when an `AbstractDataFrame` is used only as a source of broadcast assignment into an object 
  of dimensionality higher than two.
- If multiple `AbstractDataFrame` objects take part in broadcasting then they have to have identical column 
  names.

Note that if broadcasting assignment operation throws an error the target data frame may be partially changed 
so it is unsafe to use it afterwards (the column length correctness will be preserved).

In Julia base the standard rule to do [broadcasting](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/mathematical-operations/#man-dot-operators) 

> is to use `.`. For example, as opposed to `R` this operation fails:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to use `.`. For example, as opposed to R this operation fails:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> s = [25, 26, 35, 56]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
 25
 26
 35
 56

> julia> s[2: 3] = 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> s[2:3] = 0
```

ERROR: ArgumentError: indexed assignment with a single value to many locations is not supported; perhaps use broadcasting `.=` instead?
```

Instead we have to write:

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> s[2: 3] .= 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> s[2:3] .= 0
```

─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │    85  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │    89  female           5  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │    78  male             7  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │    58  transgender      8  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │    96  female           2  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │    68  female           1  Anam       Dehradoon
```

Assignment of a scalar to a data frame can be done in ranges using broadcasting:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[:, 3] .= 4 # an in-place replacement of values stored in column number 3 by 4
6-element view(::Vector{Int64}, :) with eltype Int64:
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4

julia> df1
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job    Customers  City
     │ Int64  String       Int64  String     String
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │    85  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │    89  female           4  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │    78  male             4  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │    58  transgender      4  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │    96  female           4  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │    68  female           4  Anam       Dehradoon
```

> Here, `!` get us columns without copying and when setting columns it replaces them while 

Reviewer: I do not see any difference between this example and the one above

Author: Are you pointing to this example:
```
julia> df1[:, :Age] .= "Economics"
ERROR: MethodError: Cannot `convert` an object of type String to an object of type Int64

julia> df1[!, :Age] .= "Economics"
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
```

Or, 

```
julia> df1[:, 3] .= 4 # an in-place replacement of values stored in column number 3 by 4
6-element view(::Vector{Int64}, :) with eltype Int64:
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4

julia> df1
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ Age    Sex          Job    Customers  City
     │ Int64  String       Int64  String     String
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │    85  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │    89  female           4  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │    78  male             4  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │    58  transgender      4  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │    96  female           4  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │    68  female           4  Anam       Dehradoon
```

Reviewer: Analyzing it again - I think it is OK.

`:` get us columns with copying and when setting columns it does this in-place. 

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df1[:, :Age] .= "Economics"
ERROR: MethodError: Cannot `convert` an object of type String to an object of type Int64

julia> df1[!, :Age] .= "Economics"
6-element Vector{String}:
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"
 "Economics"

julia> df1
6×5 DataFrame
 Row │ Age        Sex          Job    Customers  City
     │ String     String       Int64  String     String
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │ Economics  male             4  Rohit      Kanpur
   2 │ Economics  female           4  Akshat     Lucknow
   3 │ Economics  male             4  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar
   4 │ Economics  transgender      4  Aayush     Jaipur
   5 │ Economics  female           4  Prateek    Ranchi
   6 │ Economics  female           4  Anam       Dehradoon
```

> In most cases above, as you can see, for getting a column or assigning to a column instead of `df1[!, :col]` 

Reviewer: where can it be seen in these examples?

Reviewer: and why do you write about it in a section about broadcasting?

Author: I had replaced a section then I had missed it to remove.

and `df1[!, :col] = val` it is usually better to just write `df1.col` and `df1.col = val` respectively as 
it is the same and simpler to type and read.

> However, there are some scenarios in `DataFrames.jl`, when we naturally want a broadcasting-like behaviour,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are some scenarios in DataFrames.jl, when we naturally want a broadcasting-like behaviour,
```

but do not allow for the use of `.` operation. These operations are based on `=>` syntax. Lets have a look on 

> some examples:

Reviewer: actually you give one example

   2 │ Economics  female           4  Akshat     Lucknow      India
   3 │ Economics  male             4  Rahul      Bhuvneshwar  India
   4 │ Economics  transgender      4  Aayush     Jaipur       India
   5 │ Economics  female           4  Prateek    Ranchi       India
   6 │ Economics  female           4  Anam       Dehradoon    India
```

# Not, Between, Cols, and All column selectors

You can use `Not`, `Between`, `Cols`, and `All` selectors in more complex column selection
scenarioes. `All()` allows us to select all columns of `DataFrame` while `Between` selector 
allow us to specify a range of columns (we can specify the start and stop column using any 
of the single column selector syntaxes). On the other hand, `Not` selector allows us to specify 
the columns we want to exclude from the resulting data frames. We can put any valid other column 
selector inside `Not`. Finally `Cols(...)` selector picks a union of other selectors passed as 
its arguments.

A `Not` selector (from the [InvertedIndices](https://github.com/mbauman/InvertedIndices.jl) package)
can be used to select all columns excluding a specific subset:

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = copy(german_ref); # because in previous example we had done in-place replacement so our dataframe had changed

Reviewer: did we?

  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

`Between()` selector allowing us to specify a range of columns (we can specify the start and 
stop column). In the below example we have specified columns `:Sex` and `:Housing` to start and 
stop respectively: 

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, Between(:Sex, :Housing)] # Columns starting from `:Sex` and ends at `:Housing`
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex     Job    Housing
      │ String  Int64  String
──────┼────────────────────────
    1 │ male        2  own
    2 │ female      2  own
    3 │ male        1  own
    4 │ male        2  free
    5 │ male        2  free
    6 │ male        1  free
    7 │ male        2  own
    8 │ male        3  rent
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3  own
  995 │ male        2  own
  996 │ female      1  own
  997 │ male        3  own
  998 │ male        2  own
  999 │ male        2  free
 1000 │ male        2  own
               985 rows omitted
```

> `Cols` selector is picking a union of `Between()` selector passed as its arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below `Cols` selector is picking a union of `"Age"` and `Between("Sex", "Job")` selector passed as its arguments:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> german[:, Cols("Age", Between("Sex", "Job"))] 
1000×3 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Sex     Job
      │ Int64  String  Int64
──────┼──────────────────────
    1 │    67  male        2
    2 │    22  female      2
    3 │    49  male        1
    4 │    45  male        2
    5 │    53  male        2
    6 │    35  male        1
    7 │    53  male        2
    8 │    35  male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30  male        3
  995 │    50  male        2
  996 │    31  female      1
  997 │    40  male        3
  998 │    38  male        2
  999 │    23  male        2
 1000 │    27  male        2
             985 rows omitted
```

> In this example `Cols` selector is picking a union of `Not()` selector which is passed as an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example `Cols` selector is picking a union of `"Age"` and `Not("Sex")` selector which is passed as an 
```

> argument and `Not()` selector is allowing us to specify column `:Sex` we want to exclude from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Not("Sex")` selector is allowing us to specify column `:Sex` we want to exclude from
```

  populated with columns that are results of transformations applied to the source data frame 
  columns; (the exception to the above number of rows invariant is `select(german)` which produces
  an empty data frame);
- `select!`: the same as `select` but updates the passed data frame in place;
- `transform`: the same as `select` but keeps the columns that were already present in the data frame
  (note though that these columns can be potentially modified by the transformation passed to `transform`);
- `transform!`: the same as `transform` but updates the passed data frame in place.

The general way to specify a transformation is:

- `source_column => transformation => target_column_name`
  In this scenario the `source_column` is passed as an argument to `transformation` and stored in `target_column_name`
  column. A `transformation` must be a callable (typically a function).
- `source_column => transformation`
  In this scenario we applied the transformation function to our `source_column` and then `target_column_name` will be 
  automatically generated.
- `source_column => target_column_name`
  we are renaming our `source_column` to `target_column_name`.

> In this example, we are performing transformation using `select` and `combine`. In this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we are performing transformation using `select` and `combine`. In this 
```

scenario the source column `:Age` is passed as an argument to transformation function `mean` 
and stored in the target column name `:mean_age`. 

> But we will observe that `select` produces as many rows in the produced data frame as there 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe that `select` produces as many rows in the produced data frame as there 
```

are rows in the source data frame, a single value will be repeated accordingly but this is 
not the case for `combine`.

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> german = copy(german_ref);

Reviewer: why copy?

julia> using Statistics

julia> select(german, :Age => mean => :mean_age) 
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ mean_age
      │ Float64
──────┼──────────
    1 │   35.546
    2 │   35.546
    3 │   35.546
    4 │   35.546
    5 │   35.546
    6 │   35.546
    7 │   35.546
    8 │   35.546
  ⋮   │    ⋮
  994 │   35.546
  995 │   35.546
  996 │   35.546
  997 │   35.546
  998 │   35.546
  999 │   35.546
 1000 │   35.546
 985 rows omitted

julia> combine(german, :Age => mean => :mean_age)
1×1 DataFrame
 Row │ mean_age
     │ Float64
─────┼──────────
   1 │   35.546
```

However, if other columns in `combine` would produce multiple rows the repetition also happens:

```jldcotest dataframe
julia> combine(german, :Age => mean => :mean_age, :Housing => unique => :housing)
3×2 DataFrame
 Row │ mean_age  housing
     │ Float64   String
─────┼───────────────────
   1 │   35.546  own
   2 │   35.546  free
   3 │   35.546  rent
```

> Note, however, that it is not allowed to return vectors of different lengths in different transformations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that it is not allowed to return vectors of different lengths in different transformations:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> combine(german, :Age, :Housing => unique => :Housing)
ERROR: ArgumentError: New columns must have the same length as old columns
```

> Several values that can be returned by a transformation are treated to produce multiple columns by default. 

Reviewer: I do not understand this sentence.

Therefore they are not allowed to be returned from a function unless `AsTable` or multiple target column names
are specified. Let us see an example:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> combine(german, :Age => x -> (Age=x, Age2 = x.^2))
ERROR: ArgumentError: Table returned but a single output column was expected

julia> combine(german, :Age => (x -> (Age=x, Age2 = x.^2)) => AsTable)
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Age2
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │    67   4489
    2 │    22    484
    3 │    49   2401
    4 │    45   2025
    5 │    53   2809
    6 │    35   1225
    7 │    53   2809
    8 │    35   1225
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30    900
  995 │    50   2500
  996 │    31    961
  997 │    40   1600
  998 │    38   1444
  999 │    23    529
 1000 │    27    729
     985 rows omitted
```

In the example above we returned a `NamedTuple`. Note, however, that returning a `NamedTuple` is not the same as 

> returning a vector of `NamedTuples` as this is allowed.

Reviewer: if you mention it please give an example.

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> select(german, :Sex => ByRow(uppercase) => :SEX) 
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ SEX
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ MALE
    2 │ FEMALE
    3 │ MALE
    4 │ MALE
    5 │ MALE
    6 │ MALE
    7 │ MALE
    8 │ MALE
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ MALE
  995 │ MALE
  996 │ FEMALE
  997 │ MALE
  998 │ MALE
  999 │ MALE
 1000 │ MALE
985 rows omitted
```

In this case we transformed our source column `:Age` using `ByRow` wrapper:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> select(german, :Age, :Age => ByRow(sqrt)) 
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Age_sqrt
      │ Int64  Float64
──────┼─────────────────
    1 │    67   8.18535
    2 │    22   4.69042
    3 │    49   7.0
    4 │    45   6.7082
    5 │    53   7.28011
    6 │    35   5.91608
    7 │    53   7.28011
    8 │    35   5.91608
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │    30   5.47723
  995 │    50   7.07107
  996 │    31   5.56776
  997 │    40   6.32456
  998 │    38   6.16441
  999 │    23   4.79583
 1000 │    27   5.19615
        985 rows omitted
```

We can skip specifying a target column name, in which case it is generated automatically by suffixing source

> column name by function name that is applied to it. For example:

Reviewer: you have given almost identical example above. Why duplicating?

Author: In the above example, I was providing `source_column_name`, `transformation`, and `target_column_name` but here only `source_column_name` and `transformation`.

Reviewer: It seems to me that in line https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2717/files#diff-80725fcadb5509a5fb0986e534b25ae5c65bab29c2903e8319c67c7a42143ffaR1734 above you do:
```
select(german, :Age, :Age => ByRow(sqrt)) 
```
without specifying target column name

  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮               ⋱
  994 │   993  male        3  own      little           little                 ⋯
  995 │   994  male        2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male        3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male        2  own      little           NA                     ⋯
  999 │   998  male        2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male        2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  3 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

In order to select a column we just passed them as argument. The `r"Sex"` regular expression picks all columns that 
contain `"Sex"` string in their name:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> select(german, r"Sex") 
1000×1 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex
      │ String
──────┼────────
    1 │ male
    2 │ female
    3 │ male
    4 │ male
    5 │ male
    6 │ male
    7 │ male
    8 │ male
  ⋮   │   ⋮
  994 │ male
  995 │ male
  996 │ female
  997 │ male
  998 │ male
  999 │ male
 1000 │ male
985 rows omitted

> julia> select(german, r"Sex", "Job") # Selects more than one column

Reviewer: what do you mean by "more than one column"? Also do not use comments in code - but split blocks and use markdown.

1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Sex     Job
      │ String  Int64
──────┼───────────────
    1 │ male        2
    2 │ female      2
    3 │ male        1
    4 │ male        2
    5 │ male        2
    6 │ male        1
    7 │ male        2
    8 │ male        3
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮
  994 │ male        3
  995 │ male        2
  996 │ female      1
  997 │ male        3
  998 │ male        2
  999 │ male        2
 1000 │ male        2
      985 rows omitted
```

> The `r"Sex"` regular expression picks all columns that contain `"Sex"` string in their name, then `:` picks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, the `r"Sex"` regular expression picks all columns that contain `"Sex"` string in their name, then `:` picks 
```

    2 │ female      1     22      2  own      little           moderate
    3 │ male        2     49      1  own      little           NA
    4 │ male        3     45      2  free     little           little
    5 │ male        4     53      2  free     little           little          ⋯
    6 │ male        5     35      1  free     NA               NA
    7 │ male        6     53      2  own      quite rich       NA
    8 │ male        7     35      3  rent     little           moderate
  ⋮   │   ⋮       ⋮      ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │ male      993     30      3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │ male      994     50      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │ female    995     31      1  own      little           NA
  997 │ male      996     40      3  own      little           little
  998 │ male      997     38      2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │ male      998     23      2  free     little           little
 1000 │ male      999     27      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted
```

> We are simply passing source column and target column name to rename it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, we are simply passing source column and target column name to rename them (without specifying the transformation part):
```

julia> df = german_ref[1:8, 1:5]
8×5 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String
─────┼──────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own
   2 │     1     22  female      2  own
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own
   4 │     3     45  male        2  free
   5 │     4     53  male        2  free
   6 │     5     35  male        1  free
   7 │     6     53  male        2  own
   8 │     7     35  male        3  rent

julia> transform(df, :Age => maximum)
8×6 DataFrame
 Row │ id     Age    Sex     Job    Housing  Age_maximum
     │ Int64  Int64  String  Int64  String   Int64
─────┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     0     67  male        2  own               67
   2 │     1     22  female      2  own               67
   3 │     2     49  male        1  own               67
   4 │     3     45  male        2  free              67
   5 │     4     53  male        2  free              67
   6 │     5     35  male        1  free              67
   7 │     6     53  male        2  own               67
   8 │     7     35  male        3  rent              67
```

> We are swapping values of one column with other column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below we are swapping values of one column with other column:
```

  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮       ⋮      ⋮       ⋮            ⋮                ⋮        ⋱
  994 │   993  male       30      3  own      little           little          ⋯
  995 │   994  male       50      2  own      NA               NA
  996 │   995  female     31      1  own      little           NA
  997 │   996  male       40      3  own      little           little
  998 │   997  male       38      2  own      little           NA              ⋯
  999 │   998  male       23      2  free     little           little
 1000 │   999  male       27      2  own      moderate         moderate
                                                  4 columns and 985 rows omitted

julia> df1 = german[:, [:Age, :Job]] # getting two columns
1000×2 DataFrame
  Row │ Age    Job
      │ Int64  Int64
──────┼──────────────
    1 │    67      2
    2 │    22      2
    3 │    49      1
    4 │    45      2
    5 │    53      2
    6 │    35      1
    7 │    53      2
    8 │    35      3
  ⋮   │   ⋮      ⋮
  994 │    30      3
  995 │    50      2
  996 │    31      1
  997 │    40      3
  998 │    38      2
  999 │    23      2
 1000 │    27      2
     985 rows omitted
```

> We are applying transformation function `+` to our source columns `:Age` and `:Job` are passed as an arguments to transformation

Reviewer: please either explain this example in more detail or remove it.

I would also add a reference to later sections of the manual giving more examples.

Author: > please either explain this example in more detail or remove it.
Can you suggest to me the right explanation for it? 

> I would also add a reference to later sections of the manual giving more examples.
Last time I had done but I had got a suggestion to remove and add some examples of `transform` 

but in another section, I have discussed the same functions for `GroupedDataFrame`.

Reviewer: > but in another section, I have discussed the same functions for `GroupedDataFrame`.

I do not understand this sentence + where are these examples of `GroupedDataFrame` - I do not see them.

> Can you suggest to me the right explanation for it?

If you give more than one column to a transformation they are passed as positional arguments. So `[:Age, :Job] => (+) => :res` evaluates `+(df1.Age, df1.Job)` (which adds two columns) and stores the result in the `:res` column.

Author: > I do not understand this sentence + where are these examples of GroupedDataFrame - I do not see them.
I was saying in this PR i have not discussed transformation for `GroupedDataFrame`. When another PR will also be merged then I will add cross-reference here if required.

# First Steps with DataFrames.jl

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**The tutorial section of the manual is still work in progress. Please report any questions or comments as issues in DataFrames.jl GitHub repository. Thank you!**

```
